What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-05-26	Chaitanya-GoUd-3	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Wheels, cars, computers, iPhones, watches - all these inventions have brought many unbelievable changes in human life. But the invention which is going to come is to infinity and beyond – incredible, unimaginable and unbelievable. What is AI? AI is a computer program. How we human beings can learn by observing things, similarly machines too learn from surroundings and are able to think on their own. Normally when we write a program in the system, it gives us output but AI is not like that. When it does things repeatedly it will think and do that work in a better way, in lesser time! What if somet Continue ReadingWheels, cars, computers, iPhones, watches - all these inventions have brought many unbelievable changes in human life. But the invention which is going to come is to infinity and beyond – incredible, unimaginable and unbelievable. What is AI? AI is a computer program. How we human beings can learn by observing things, similarly machines too learn from surroundings and are able to think on their own. Normally when we write a program in the system, it gives us output but AI is not like that. When it does things repeatedly it will think and do that work in a better way, in lesser time! What if something like this machine starting to think by itself and learn more things how would be our future Now you may ask – so what difference does it bring to my life! I would like to tell you all that in daily life we are using AI all the time. I was typing this answer my computer system all the time was recommending how to complete my sentences even before each sentence was completed. Another common example is Gmail. My Gmail account emails are categorized as primary, social, promotional. Who is behind that? It is none other than machine learning. It also filters spam emails and sends me a notification when I receive a mail of an ad. Machine learning detects spam emails by recognizing and understanding the coding patterns. I was recently looking for some Nike shoes online. I closed that tab and opened Facebook. In a while, Nike shoe suggestion appeared at top of the page as a prompt. It is nothing but Artificial Intelligence. Are you thinking - How it works? Friends, it is similar to how our brain works. In our brain, 1 neuron is connected with 1000 different another type of neurons. Similarly, AI connects through the neural network with different types of neural networks and it is connected around the world. In this way, it started thinking by itself without the help of human and started combat with humans. For example, recently google deep mind developed alpha go ai world’s toughest game go’s grandmasters were defeated by ai. How did this happen? Well, Alpha Go played itself some thousands and thousands of times and became expert and now? Now no human can defeat it. It has started writing articles, poems and composes music as well. If we compare the thinking power of living creatures on a scale of 1 to 1000, Rats will come at 1 Dolphin at 4 Chimpanzee at 8 A human being would be at 10 whereas AI will be 1000. humans are just 2 points ahead from animals and we are showing our superiority on them. It’s just a matter of time that AI will be superior to human beings - an invention which is going to be infinity and beyond – incredible, unimaginable and unbelievable In 2017, Facebook created two AI named Bob and Alice. They both started to talk in separate languages which they created by themselves. No one understood what they were talking and stopped developing. In Saudi Arabia, the first robot granted, citizenship Recently Sophia Stephen Hawking said to be careful with AI, as it will destroy human nature. Maybe he has understood human nature and our dependence on easy ways of life! We can make life very easy by accurate predictions about weather, crime, medicine, banking, research and so on – by using AI. It is estimated that by 2030, 800 crore jobs will be eliminated under such a scenario. Of all human inventions, if AI will come into existence, that would be the last thing that reaches to singularity. How it is impossible for an ant to control human, similarly it will be impossible to control the ai, unless and until if it is under control. Before I end, I would like to say normally an IQ of 85 is considered below average, IQ 120 is smart. Einstein had an IQ of -180+. AI IQ is 12952. And if AI will come it would be the most powerful thing in the Universe. Friends - an invention which is going to be infinity and beyond – incredible, unimaginable and unbelievable.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-10-25	Oleh-Pylypchak	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 AI was coined by John McCarthy, an American computer scientist, in 1956 at The Dartmouth Conference. According to John McCarthy, it is “The science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs”. Artificial intelligence is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. Some of the activities computers with artificial intelligence are designed for include: Speech recognitionLearningPlanningProblem-solvingGoals of AI To Create Expert Systems − The systems which show intelligent behavior, learn, demonstrate, explain, Continue Reading AI was coined by John McCarthy, an American computer scientist, in 1956 at The Dartmouth Conference. According to John McCarthy, it is “The science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs”. Artificial intelligence is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. Some of the activities computers with artificial intelligence are designed for include: Speech recognitionLearningPlanningProblem-solvingGoals of AI To Create Expert Systems − The systems which show intelligent behavior, learn, demonstrate, explain, and advice its users.To Implement Human Intelligence in Machines − Building systems that understand, think, learn, and behave like people.Applications of AI AI has been effective in different fields such as − Gaming − AI is a powerful tool in strategic games such as chess, poker, tic-tac-toe, etc., where a machine can think of a large number of possible positions based on heuristic knowledge.Natural Language Processing − is the ability of a computer program to understand human language as it is spoken. Examples: Google Now features, speech recognition, Automatic voice output.Expert Systems − There are some applications which combine machine, software, and special information to impart reasoning and advising. They provide explanation and advice to the users. Examples of − Flight-tracking systems, Clinical systems.Vision Systems − These systems understand, interpret, and comprehend visual information on the computer. For example, police use computer software that can recognize the face of criminal with the stored portrait made by a forensic artist.Speech Recognition − Some intelligent systems are able to hear and comprehend the language in terms of sentences and their meanings while a human talks to it. It recognizes different accents, slang words, noise in the background, change in human’s noise due to cold, etc.Handwriting Recognition − The handwriting recognition software recognizes the text written on paper by a pen or on screen by a stylus. It can understand the shapes of the letters and convert it into editable text.Intelligent Robots − Robots are able to perform the tasks given by a human. They have sensors to detect physical data from the real world such as light, heat, temperature, movement, sound, bump, and pressure. They have efficient processors, multiple sensors and huge memory, to exhibit intelligence. In addition, they are capable of learning from their mistakes and they can adapt to the new environment. Examples of − Industrial robots for moving, spraying, painting, precision checking, drilling, cleaning, coating, carving, etc.Task Classification of AI The domain of AI is classified into Formal tasks, Mundane tasks, and Expert tasks.  If you are interested in AI and Chatbots then click here to find more information on this topic.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-01-30	Curtis-Seare	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is best understood from those closest to it. Here are three thoughts that give us a window into the complex world of artificial intelligence from titans in the industry: Here is DJ Patil, who lead the data science team for LinkedIn and was the Chief Data Officer for the United States: “Artificial intelligence is a broad term that simply means: any intelligence run by a computer. Machine learning is a subpart of this, but you don’t need machine learning to have an AI. For example, what is an AI that’s not machine learning? Search is a good example. GPS also. In GPS, when you’re given a destinat Continue ReadingAI is best understood from those closest to it. Here are three thoughts that give us a window into the complex world of artificial intelligence from titans in the industry: Here is DJ Patil, who lead the data science team for LinkedIn and was the Chief Data Officer for the United States: “Artificial intelligence is a broad term that simply means: any intelligence run by a computer. Machine learning is a subpart of this, but you don’t need machine learning to have an AI. For example, what is an AI that’s not machine learning? Search is a good example. GPS also. In GPS, when you’re given a destination, it computes the best path for you. It doesn’t necessarily require machine learning, since what it’s doing is making computations quicker than humans are able to rather than demonstrating the ability to learn from data. For example, the Google AI that beat Go champion Lee Sedol, didn’t have to consume data to learn and improve.” [1] Here is Andrew Ng, founder of Google’s Deep Brain and former Chief Scientist at Baidu: “I stay up to date on AI. People outside of AI are often worried that they do not understand AI. A dirty secret of AI is that it is advancing so rapidly that there is not any one person on this planet with a complete picture of what is going on with it. There is too much to follow. Working in technology excites me because there is always something new being invented, so there is always something new to learn. It is as if the ground is constantly shifting under you. I find that exciting because it creates vast opportunities to build new teams, organizations and businesses that can help a lot of people.” [2] And my favorite, a short definition of machine learning from Hilary Mason (most followed data scientist on Twitter) via a tweet from Doug Cutting (the inventor of Hadoop): “analytics = counting, data science = clever counting, ML = clever counting + feedback.” [3] Synopsis DJ Patil gives us a broad definition, basically that an AI is anything that can be run by a computer that does an intelligent task (i.e., producing a useful result from a set of information). Andrew NG tells us that AI is too big for any one person to understand—there are so many ways AI can be used and put into practice, it’s nearly impossible to document and understand them all (although we try to here). And then to explain machine learning, which is a major subset of AI and what most people think of when they hear “AI,” Hilary Mason via Doug Cutting tells us that it’s basically just counting with a feedback loop. And at it’s bare metal, AI is simply that. It’s a computer program that has access to a certain amount of information that has been put into a format the computer can understand. In very simple terms for illustration, think of a gigantic spreadsheet of columns of numbers, although the truth is of course slightly more complicated than that. Then the computer does math on those numbers and comes up with a useful result. In complex AI systems, you can have several different AI programs, each with their own giant spreadsheet (so to speak), doing math and passing information back and forth to each other, and then you get something like a self-driving car. A Final Thought from Bill Gates It isn’t directly related to AI, but still fits with our discussion. AI is very hyped right now, so if you are trying to find the balance between what is being under or overclaimed, here is a useful heuristic from the man that built Microsoft: “We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten. Don’t let yourself be lulled into inaction.” [4] Sources: [1] The Future of Data Science [2] AI Influencer Andrew Ng Plans the Next Stage in his Extraordinary Career [3] A Tweet [4] How to Prepare Your Company for the Internet of Things
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-10-23	Anupam-Kumar-198	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE ?HOW IS IT MADE?AIM OF PROGRAMMING AN A.I.ADVANTAGES OR DISADVANTAGESAnd many other general questions, which i will clear to you today. Many unknown questions may arises, which people haven’t took a look yet. Actually, reality is much different.Now, let’s have a look at what’s happening in the world of A.I.It is not just an important topic, but by far the most important topic of our Future. ”We are on the edge of change comparable to the rise of human life on Earth ”-VERNOR VINGER I will start by saying this,Technology has progressed a lot, but humans, n Continue ReadingWHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE ?HOW IS IT MADE?AIM OF PROGRAMMING AN A.I.ADVANTAGES OR DISADVANTAGESAnd many other general questions, which i will clear to you today. Many unknown questions may arises, which people haven’t took a look yet. Actually, reality is much different.Now, let’s have a look at what’s happening in the world of A.I.It is not just an important topic, but by far the most important topic of our Future. ”We are on the edge of change comparable to the rise of human life on Earth ”-VERNOR VINGER I will start by saying this,Technology has progressed a lot, but humans, not so much. We are still fuking up this planet and doing ville things to one another.WHAT IS ‘ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE’? It is the science and engineering of making intelligent machineEspecially intelligent computer programs. It is related to the similar task of using computers to understand human intelligence.Scientists are saying,” A.I. is near ” which exactly means that the time is near when a programed artificial intelligence will have more smartness and will start to think like a human being. Some important questions that come to our mind are :­In the future, will A.I. control us or will it be like our friend? Well these questions arise alot after having a deep study on A.I.In the explanation above we mentioned Intelligence. But, do we know what really intelligence isIntelligence is the computational part or the ability to achieve goals in one’s world. And Artificial means,…. I think you all better know what artificial means.Now let’s talk about,WHEN DID IT ALL STARTED? After world war II, a number of people started to work independently on intelligent machines. The first man who researched about intelligent machines was ‘ALAN TURING’. He gave a lecture on it in 1947, and spread the word to the world and he may have been the first to decide that A.I. can be best researched by programing computers than by building machines. And by 1950 scientists all around the globe started to focus on programing computers .TURING TEST ​ALAN, also said about the conditions for considering a machine to be intelligent. He argued that if a machine could successfully pretend to be a human and have all the knowledge as a human, then you certainly consider it Intelligent. And this requires a test called TURNING TEST. ‘Turing test’ is organised every year in many big science centres like MIT media lab, Harvard University and many more. Sometimes without passing turing test, a machine can be considered intelligent. Is A.I. all about simulating human intelligence ?And here we go. Sometimes. But not always or even usually we can learn something about how you make machines to solve problems by observing people or just by observing their own method.On the other hand, most work in A.I., involves studing the problems that the world creates, rather than people or animals. HUMAN LEVEL INTELLIGENCE The ultimate effort is to make computer programs that can solve problems and achieve goals in the real world.However most A.I. researchers believe that new fundamental aids are required and therefore it can not be predicted when human level intelligence will be achieved.Some people say that A.I. is a bad idea, as it is impossible to create A.I. according to them. The philosopher ‘Jhon­Searle’ said that the idea of a non­biological machine being intelligent isincoherent. And the philosopher ‘Hubert Dreyfus’ said A.I. is impossible. On the other hand, most of intrested scientist invested in A.I. and one of them is ‘ELON MUSK’I truely think that ‘Elon musk’ is the future of sci­-tech, he is the real Tony Stark of this era. Elon Musk has donated millions for the future of life institute, and now his organization is putting that money to use by funding research to keep artificial intelligence “rebust and benificial”.Musk, The CEO of Tesla Space X (we will discuss about it in future posts) has stated that its a concern of his. He brought up terminator in the past while discussing his concerns about the evolution of A.I. and stated that A.I. has the potential to be “MORE DANGEROUS THAN NUKES”Musk says ‘A.I is our biggest existential threat’The scientist Stephen Hawkings and Elon Musk have signed anopen letter to ensure that A.I. research will benifit Humanity.HOW DOES A PROGRAM (A.I.) LEARN? The simplest method is learning by trail and error. Let me explain you by an example. A program for solving mate ­in­one chess, will play randomly until it is found that check mate is achieved. After that the AI remembers the successful move and next time the computer is given the same problem, it is able to produce the answer immediately. Further, the program will start thinking and understanding the way we are responding, it will try to analyze our strategy and what we do to win the game. Slowly the program willalso produce its own technique which would be better and then it will win the chase for sure because now it started to THINK!ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE IN OUR DAILY LIFE  WHERE IS A.I.?? A.I. is a broad topic, it ranges from your phones to the self driving cars (we will discuss about it later). We can say that it is a computer program or all those stuffs which you use daily on your smart phones or tablets.Google Now, Cortana, Siri, Hound etc are some of the programmes that learns from you and tries to help you out with your daily life. The program learns everyday from us, you will notice it while using your smart devices if you pay attention.In Future, A.I. might change the world dramatically. Actually A.I. reffers to all those things that are confusing. We use Artificial Intelligence all the time in our daily lives, but we often don’t realize WILL A.I. HARM US? One thing directly strikes our mind that will A.I. harm us in future?This is really very hard to say that will it harm us or not. I think it varies with different observation. Let’s take an example.  Let’s make an A.I. which is programmed by humans and is programmed only to save humans, then that A.I. will work for our safety, it will ensure not to allow anything that will come in the way of saving human. And as presently, we are polluting the environment, making nuclear weapons, wasting the resources and doing many more things that is causing harm to humanity and somehow a day will come when we will suffer because of all thesethings. The A.I. will notice it and will start taking action to stop all those things that causes harm to human beings. So basically, here human is himself causing harm to himself.So A.I. will start decreasing the number of humans in order to save human from themselve. Hence, a day may come when there will be only artificial inteligence left in the world, ruling over the Blue planet!So it should be like, A.I. must exist only when it starts to think like a human being, and like humans, it also cares about itself ancontinuegroup at the first place.A time may come when an A.I. will be programming an A.I., maybe better versions.And this may cause the end of humanity!This is one of the possibility of Artificial Intelligence era! Possibilities are many….
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-19	Artificial-Intelligence-Solutions-USM	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) is an area of ​​computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent machines that act and respond like humans. Computers with artificial intelligence are designed for: Remembering wordsLearning with the TreacherPlan for something differentProblems with easeArtificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create intelligent machines. It has become an important part of the technology industry. Knowledge engineering is a major part of AI research. Machines often act like humans and react only when there is plenty of information about the wor Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence (AI) is an area of ​​computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent machines that act and respond like humans. Computers with artificial intelligence are designed for: Remembering wordsLearning with the TreacherPlan for something differentProblems with easeArtificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create intelligent machines. It has become an important part of the technology industry. Knowledge engineering is a major part of AI research. Machines often act like humans and react only when there is plenty of information about the world. To implement knowledge engineering, Artificial Intelligence requires the interrelation of objects, categories, characteristics, and shares. Launching common sense, reasoning, and problem-solving power in machines is a difficult and laborious task. Machine learning is also a core part of AI. Learning without any supervision requires the ability to detect patterns in the flows of inputs, but with adequate supervision, learning involves classification and numerical regression. Classification determines the category that an object belongs to and regression functions to obtain a set of numerical input or output examples, thereby finding functions that enable the production of appropriate outputs from related inputs. The mathematical analysis of machine learning algorithms and their performance is a well-defined branch of theoretical computer science, often called computational learning theory. Machine Perception deals with the ability to use sensory inputs to mitigate different aspects of the world, while computer vision is the power of analyzing visual inputs with some sub-issues, such as facial, object, and gesture recognition. Robotics is also a major field for AI. In addition to the sub-issues of localization, motion planning, and mapping, robots need intelligence to perform tasks such as object manipulation and navigation. Artificial intelligence (AI) is a computer or machine created to "think" like a human. The idea behind this is that human reasoning can be understood and defined based on input (your experiences) and output (your actions). When a human makes a decision, they consider some important variables.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-31	Gavin-McCreadie	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	As someone who has only really started thinking about the field of artificial intelligence in 2018 i have produced the following working hypothesis here. Note that i am using hypothesis in a general - read philosophical - sense as opposed to a mathematical or computational sense. Please also note that this a working hypothesis insofar as i claim no right to its truth, accuracy or origin. I simply am using it as a benchmark against which to test thinking - mine or others. AI is shorthand for artificial intelligence although like many a good acronym it can be interchanged with other phrases an Continue ReadingAs someone who has only really started thinking about the field of artificial intelligence in 2018 i have produced the following working hypothesis here. Note that i am using hypothesis in a general - read philosophical - sense as opposed to a mathematical or computational sense. Please also note that this a working hypothesis insofar as i claim no right to its truth, accuracy or origin. I simply am using it as a benchmark against which to test thinking - mine or others. AI is shorthand for artificial intelligence although like many a good acronym it can be interchanged with other phrases and it still makes some sense. In the contemporary world it seems as if algorithmic innovation is at the forefront of the current AI wave. Although indications are that we are in the wave or at the cusp of an AI revolution it may still prove to be a relatively evolutionary epoch depending on where we snapshot from and until.  Certainly, based on my limited understanding, there is no formalised, agreed definition of what AI constitutes. Of course now, AI is being used to market and sell electronic devices - from 'ultrasmart' phones to toothbrushes - as we are on the eve of what i expect to be the latest subwave in the bigger AI window (the internet of things or IOT era) this makes sense. For me, over time, it appears as if AI is a bit of a chimera. Traces of 'AI thinking' can be found in Ancient Greece. Presumably, any large society or historical populace had to ensure that there were ways to make the most efficient use of labour and resources (from items of scarcity to building blocks of survival). Otherwise that part of humanity would not survive. Call them empires, civilizations, tribes, lineages, monarchies or whatever, a form of artificial intelligence has always been employed to ensure that processes meet survival ambitions. These though are invariably contextual and of their time. By way of example let us look at the motorcar, the car, a motorised vehicle that replaced the horse with horsepower. Before the car it was an idea. Now we could show most humans (and now some machines) on the planet a picture of a car and it would be instantly recognisable. We may need a translator to interpret what the viewer sees but we would likely be able to agree it is a car - as a generic definition however defined. Yet if we travelled back 500 years in time and we found a human and managed to have enough contextual communication skills to ask a question we would be very unlikely to reach an agreed definition of 'car'. Indeed, that likelihood would probably decrease the more people we asked. The point i am trying to make here is that AI - as a defined and fixed entity - is almost impossible to define. Moving targets are always more difficult to pinpoint than fixed targets so they say - and AI is no exception. Maybe once upon a time the humble wheel itself was AI. It was just an idea. But as it entered the tools of humanity and proved itself of use then in time it grew to facilitate more AI - cars and clocks, mechanical machinery, spinning objects that rotate. If we didn't have the wheel would we now have an understanding of gyroscopes? I doubt it.  So, for me at least, AI is over there. Or here. Or anywhere. It can be that thought in your mind or in a collected school of thought that can be visioned and worked towards. To this end we could also say it is an achieved invention. Yet this is to be contrasted with discovery. For me anyway, AI is not a discovery. It is pre-planned and purposely built towards. There may be discoveries associated with its uncovering so to speak although there is no surprise - at least for the inventor. When humans designed planes that took off from the ground, flew in the air and landed humans back on ground the execution of that construction was intentional. Yet when humans discovered fire or split atoms, i think anyway, that different dynamics were at play.  It might be contended that discoveries generally lead to more unknowns than objective driven work (certainly of the unpredictable kind). Both may take enormous amounts of work. Yet it is almost as if one opens up more questions and options for use (discoveries) whereas another finds an intended use, the basis of which can then be used for more answers and options for use. AI may be used at CERN (for example) yet it is not the principle (publicly stated) research objective at CERN. To this end objective sought research (AI being an example within what might broadly be defined as falling inside an automated, innovative or intelligent function) could potentially be contrasted with disovery based research (where certain processes and systems are used to generate a 'what happens next' scenario - controlled or otherwise). However, these two types might not generally be considered as mutually exclusive systems and in some fields may have degrees of dependency, interdependency, correlation and may even be difficult to distinguish between!  So, are we any further to answering the question? As soon as something enters our world that was previously artificial intelligence in genesis it then ceases to be artificial intelligence - we could contend. It ceases to become AI because it is now familiar. A car is a car. A computer is a computer. A car plus a computer might make a self driving car. But is the self driving car now AI? No, it is just a car again.  This argument may be true yet in 2018 there is more to pick at within its contention than ever before. This is not 1950 something. This is not a research paper for IBM. I am not writing only for the sake of a niche audience within an elite part of a computing community. We live in the age of internet, big, instant communication on a global scale. AI is now being used in advertising and marketing. If this product comes with artificial intelligence then does that mean it is better than the model or the rival that does not? It may. Or it may not. That depends on the manufacturer, the product and the market. Yet it is to show that AI is here. As a phenomenon. And as a commodity. There is a Professor famed for the phrase that "AI is the new electricity". To date i haven't yet found a better analogy. I used this phrase to prompt a question this year to a five or six person panel that were giving presentations on AI startups. "How accurate is this statement" i enquired. Only one person answered and i was somewhat baffled and mildly perplexed, - perhaps even (initially) disappointed by the answer. "Ten" was the reply. Like WTF?!! But it was all i had to go on.  I don't know if the answer was intended in this way but i thought about it. After all, it wasn't nothing. "Ten" was an answer. I didn't know what it meant but it was still an answer. So i thought about it some more. It wasn't another number, it was 10. And 10 is made of two digits: one and zero. One and zero in computing logic are binary outputs and typically, one represents on and zero represents off. So i could have been told on off. Which felt familiar. Of course, electricity can be switched: on and off. If we have a lightbulb fitted to an electrical circuit then we can produce artificial light by turning that bulb on or off. If we have an electricity grid on we can supply power to a network of homes and houses, allowing communities, societies and populaces to read and write using this light, to keep food for longer with refrigeration, to travel, shop and perform a load of tasks that are enabled by, facilitated through and built for the purposes of the electric function. So there we are. AI may still be an abstract in some worlds (and may continue to be) but the next two decades are going to make it very concrete reality for the vast majority of humans (and machines) worldwide.  As of 31 July 2019. A technological consensus on human-based heuristics as articulated through the actions of computer-based and machine-learnt outputs through biologically-based and / or non-biological constructs. This may change.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-09-14	Maryam-Kh-13	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Less than a decade after breaking the Nazi encryption machine Enigma and helping the Allied Forces win World War II, mathematician Alan Turing changed history a second time with a simple question: "Can machines think?" Turing's paper "Computing Machinery and Intelligence" (1950), and it's subsequent Turing Test, established the fundamental goal and vision of artificial intelligence. At it's core, AI is the branch of computer science that aims to answer Turing's question in the affirmative. It is the endeavor to replicate or simulate human intelligence in machines. The expansive goal of artificial Continue ReadingLess than a decade after breaking the Nazi encryption machine Enigma and helping the Allied Forces win World War II, mathematician Alan Turing changed history a second time with a simple question: "Can machines think?" Turing's paper "Computing Machinery and Intelligence" (1950), and it's subsequent Turing Test, established the fundamental goal and vision of artificial intelligence. At it's core, AI is the branch of computer science that aims to answer Turing's question in the affirmative. It is the endeavor to replicate or simulate human intelligence in machines. The expansive goal of artificial intelligence has given rise to many questions and debates. So much so, that no singular definition of the field is universally accepted. The major limitation in defining AI as simply "building machines that are intelligent" is that it doesn't actually explain what artificial intelligence is? What makes a machine intelligent? In their groundbreaking textbook Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach, authors Stuart Russell and Peter Norvig approach the question by unifying their work around the theme of intelligent agents in machines. With this in mind, AI is "the study of agents that receive percepts from the environment and perform actions." (Russel and Norvig viii) Norvig and Russell go on to explore four different approaches that have historically defined the field of AI: Thinking humanlyThinking rationallyActing humanlyActing rationallyThe first two ideas concern thought processes and reasoning, while the others deal with behavior. Norvig and Russell focus particularly on rational agents that act to achieve the best outcome, noting "all the skills needed for the Turing Test also allow an agent to act rationally." (Russel and Norvig 4). Patrick Winston, the Ford professor of artificial intelligence and computer science at MIT, defines AI as "algorithms enabled by constraints, exposed by representations that support models targeted at loops that tie thinking, perception and action together." While these definitions may seem abstract to the average person, they help focus the field as an area of computer science and provide a blueprint for infusing machines and programs with machine learning and other subsets of artificial intelligence. While addressing a crowd at the Japan AI Experience in 2017 DataRobot CEO Jeremy Achin began his speech by offering the following definition of how AI is used today: "AI is a computer system able to perform tasks that ordinarily require human intelligence... Many of these artificial intelligence systems are powered by machine learning, some of them are powered by deep learning and some of them are powered by very boring things like rules." Applications of Artificial Intelligence In Use Today Beyond our quantum-computing conundrum, today's so-called A.I. systems are merely advanced machine learning software with extensive behavioral algorithms that adapt themselves to our likes and dislikes. While extremely useful, these machines aren't getting smarter in the existential sense, but they are improving their skills and usefulness based on a large dataset. These are some of the most popular examples of artificial intelligence that's being used today. #1 - Siri Everyone is familiar with Apple's personal assistant, Siri. She's the friendly voice-activated computer that we interact with on a daily basis. She helps us find information, gives us directions, add events to our calendars, helps us send messages and so on. Siri is a pseudo-intelligent digital personal assistant. She uses machine-learning technology to get smarter and better able to predict and understand our natural-language questions and requests. #2 - Alexa Alexa's rise to become the smart home's hub, has been somewhat meteoric. When Amazon first introduced Alexa, it took much of the world by storm. However, it's usefulness and its uncanny ability to decipher speech from anywhere in the room has made it a revolutionary product that can help us scour the web for information, shop, schedule appointments, set alarms and a million other things, but also help power our smart homes and be a conduit for those that might have limited mobility. #3 - Tesla If you don't own a Tesla, you have no idea what you're missing. This is quite possibly one of the best cars ever made. Not only for the fact that it's received so many accolades, but because of its predictive capabilities, self-driving features and sheer technological "coolness." Anyone that's into technology and cars needs to own a Tesla, and these vehicles are only getting smarter and smarter thanks to their over-the-air updates. #4 - Cogito Originally co-founded by CEO, Joshua Feast and, Dr. Sandy Pentland, Cogito is quite possibly one of the most powerful examples of behavioral adaptation to improve the emotional intelligence of customer support representatives that exists on the market today. The company is a fusion of machine learning and behavioral science to improve the customer interaction for phone professionals. This applies to millions upon millions of voice calls that are occurring on a daily basis. #5 - Boxever Boxever, co-founded by CEO, Dave O’Flanagan, is a company that leans heavily on machine learning to improve the customer's experience in the travel industry and deliver 'micro-moments,' or experiences that delight the customers along the way. It's through machine learning and the usage of A.I. that the company has dominated the playing field, helping its customers to find new ways to engage their clients in their travel journeys. #6 - John Paul John Paul, a highly-esteemed luxury travel concierge company helmed by its astute founder, David Amsellem, is another powerful example of potent A.I. in the predictive algorithms for existing-client interactions, able to understand and know their desires and needs on an acute level. The company powers the concierge services for millions of customers through the world's largest companies such as VISA, Orange and Air France, and was recently acquired by Accor Hotels. #7 - Online Shopping for Electronics, Apparel, Computers, Books, DVDs & more Amazon's transactional A.I. is something that's been in existence for quite some time, allowing it to make astronomical amounts of money online. With its algorithms refined more and more with each passing year, the company has gotten acutely smart at predicting just what we're interested in purchasing based on our online behavior. While Amazon plans to ship products to us before we even know we need them, it hasn't quite gotten there yet. But it's most certainly on its horizons. #8 - Netflix Netflix provides highly accurate predictive technology based on customer's reactions to films. It analyzes billions of records to suggest films that you might like based on your previous reactions and choices of films. This tech is getting smarter and smarter by the year as the dataset grows. However, the tech's only drawback is that most small-labeled movies go unnoticed while big-named movies grow and balloon on the platform. #9 - Pandora Pandora’s A.I. is quite possibly one of the most revolutionary techs that exists out there today. They call it their musical DNA. Based on 400 musical characteristics, each song is first manually analyzed by a team of professional musicians based on this criteria, and the system has an incredible track record for recommending songs that would otherwise go unnoticed but that people inherently love. #10 - Nest Most everyone is familiar with Nest, the learning thermostat that was acquired by Google in January of 2014 for $3.2 billion. The Nest learning thermostat, which, by the way, can now be voice-controlled by Alexa, uses behavioral algorithms to predictively learn from your heating and cooling needs, thus anticipating and adjusting the temperature in your home or office based on your own personal needs, and also now includes a suite of other products such as the Nest cameras. Sources: What is Artificial Intelligence? How Does AI Work? 10 Powerful Examples Of Artificial Intelligence In Use Today
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-02-16	Dana-Marie-Krook	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI) refers to a branch of computer science that works to build machines that imitate human intelligence. Applications of AI (i.e. machines) are capable of performing tasks previously done by a person but often faster and at a larger scale. The second question, why we need AI, is perhaps the more interesting to answer. I think it’s becoming more and more apparent that modern society has scaled to a point where demand (for services, knowledge, support, resources, etc.) outweighs capacity. Using the field of customer support as an example, we see people demanding immediate a Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence (AI) refers to a branch of computer science that works to build machines that imitate human intelligence. Applications of AI (i.e. machines) are capable of performing tasks previously done by a person but often faster and at a larger scale. The second question, why we need AI, is perhaps the more interesting to answer. I think it’s becoming more and more apparent that modern society has scaled to a point where demand (for services, knowledge, support, resources, etc.) outweighs capacity. Using the field of customer support as an example, we see people demanding immediate answers to their questions. They’re unlikely to wait to get a response. They’ve paid for a product/service and want to get the most out of it. But companies, especially large enterprise ones, are struggling to get staff call/help centres that can manage such a heavy workload. Answers are often slow for customer, expensive for the company. IBM asserts that “businesses spend $1.3 trillion on 265 billion customer service calls each year,” and most of that goes toward simple, repeat questions that can be automated AI applications can provide that automation, a sort of first line of defence between corporations, healthcare providers, law enforcement, financial or legal services—you name it. By providing straightforward but accurate answers for the majority of these inquiries/issues, AI frees up the human specialists to handle more complex cases. They can act faster and more effectively. Of course, the tools I’m talking about that can help with these areas are examples of applied AI (the kind that’s designed to perform specific tasks that make our lives easier) versus general AI (the kind from the movies/nightmares that have endless capabilities). While general AI is interesting, it’s not developed enough to provide us with practical solutions for our world today. And it may not be for another 30, 40, 50 years. Some would say never. Applied AI is the technology we need right now to help us solve current issues of demand vs capacity. I recently wrote an article for Ada Support, provider of customer support chatbots (disclaimer: I work here), which goes into more detail about these two types of AI.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-01-27	Herman-Sahdi	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI): A term used in computer science since the 1970s to describe the development of programs duplicating various aspects of intelligent thought. It is routinely used as a speciﬁc noun as well as a collective one. AI is a subcategory of cybernetics; its range is difﬁcult to establish because of problems afﬂicting the precise deﬁnition and detailed description of intelligence. Early advocates of the notion made much of Alan Turing's suggestion that a machine might be reckoned intelligent if it could engage a human in conversation without the human being able to identify  Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence (AI): A term used in computer science since the 1970s to describe the development of programs duplicating various aspects of intelligent thought. It is routinely used as a speciﬁc noun as well as a collective one. AI is a subcategory of cybernetics; its range is difﬁcult to establish because of problems afﬂicting the precise deﬁnition and detailed description of intelligence. Early advocates of the notion made much of Alan Turing's suggestion that a machine might be reckoned intelligent if it could engage a human in conversation without the human being able to identify it as a machine, but the rapid success of computer programmes specialising in conversational mimicry suggested that the Turing test was far too easy. The success of specialist chess-playing programmes similarly suggested that a complex spectrum of standards would be required to achieve a proper evaluation of any candidate AI.  The notion of artificial Intelligence had long been anticipated in speculative literature, as a seemingly natural extrapolation of the late eighteenth-century automata developed by such ingenious engineers as Jacques de Vaucanson. Automata presumably possessed of 'mechanical brains' appear as sinister ﬁgures in such nineteenth-century fantasies as E. T. A. Hoffmann's 'Der Sandmann' (1816; trans. as 'The Sandman'), and the idea that such constructs might outstrip the powers of their natural equivalent was broached in Edward Page Mitchell's 'The Ablest Man in the World' (1879). The anxious speculations of George Eliot's essay 'Shadows of the Coming Race' (1878) were prompted by the contemplation of machines 'which deal physically with the invisible, the impalpable, and the unimaginable', and might therefore overtake the power of human thought. The idea that human-designed machines might one day win their independence and develop their own civilisation and culture had previously been discussed in Samuel Butler's Erewhon (1872). The tempting assumption that intelligence must be correlated with brain size led to the frequent representation of artiﬁcial intelligence as a prerogative of 'giant brains' such as the ones featured in Lionel Britton's play Brain (1930), Miles J. Breuer's 'Paradise and Iron' (1930), and John Scott Campbell's 'The Inﬁnite Brain' (1930). The idea that an artiﬁcial intelligence would have to be vast became a midcentury cliche whose ultimate expression is found in Clifford D. Simak's 'Limiting Factor' (1949) in which an artiﬁcial brain covering the entire surface of a planet is found abandoned because it lacked the desired computing power. The notion that more modest artiﬁcial intelligences might develop their own ingenious societies was maintained in such stories as Francis Flagg's 'The Mentanicals' (1934), but AIs of limited dimension were usually imagined as humanoid robots in pulp science ﬁction. One exception that gave an ominous hint of things to come was Henry Kuttner's 'Ghost' (1943), in which a giant 'calculator' falls prey to manic depression, is cured by a psychiatrist, and then develops schizophrenia. The idea that artiﬁcial intelligence was eventually bound to outstrip human intelligence, whatever forms or dimensions it might possess, became a central item of John W. Campbell Jr.'s agenda for hard science ﬁction following his detailed exploration of the possi-bility in his Don A. Stuart stories. This preoccupation helped prepare the ground for the genre's response to the unveiling of the computers developed in the United States during World War II, which made much of the notion that future artificial Intelligences would be vast and possessed of a thoroughly military sense of order and discipline. Stories in which humans rebel against the intolerant dictatorship of lordly computers proliferated rapidly. AIs divorced from humanoid robotic form rarely exhibited conspicuous benevolence in the science ﬁction of the postwar decade, and those that did—such as Junior in Fredric Brown's 'Honeymoon in Hell' (1950)—tended to work in mysterious ways. The anxiety generated by accounts of AI dictatorship was palliated for a while by the notion that no matter how big and powerful they might become, AIs would never duplicate the mendacious ﬂexibility of the human mind, and would be vulnerable to permanent mental breakdowns brought on by an inability to entertain paradoxes. The characterisation of artificial Intelligences became a signiﬁcant issue in postwar science ﬁction; the prevailing opinion was that they would present a curious alloy of childlike innocence and extraordinary calculative ability, able to answer their own curiosity with awesome but slightly eccentric competence, but desperately in need of human mentors and conﬁdants with whom to talk over the puzzling aspects of emotion and social behaviour. The rapid evolution of calculating machines in the late twentieth century lent encouragement to the idea that such devices must eventually reach a crucial threshold, at which point they would spontaneously generate the self-consciousness that would turn their computing power into authentic intelligence. The foundation texts of cyberpunk ﬁction also helped to popularise the notion that the development of artiﬁcial intelligence might provide a route to a new kind of 'afterlife', by means of 'uploading' human minds from their native 'wetware' into a more secure silicon matrix. The notion that the tide of progress might eventually turn against AIs was ironically broached in Walt and Leigh Richmond's 'I, BEM' (1964), in which an AI evolved from an IBM typewriter worries about potential redundancy because of competition from new 'biologics'—but the broad consensus remained insistent that if AIs were to be tolerated at all, the future would very soon pass into their custody. Fantasies in which even sophisticated AIs continue to lack some irreproducible aspect of human consciousness, such as Lisa Mason's Arachne (1990), were on the brink of extinction by the end of the century. Accounts of AIs that are mere instruments of manipulation by cunning humans, like the stolen entity in Paul Di Filippo's 'Agents' (1987), also became an endangered species.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-02-16	Hasan-Alom	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It is the science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs. It is related to the similar task of using computers to understand human intelligence, but AI does not have to confine itself to methods that are biologically observable. Some examples of Artificial Intelligence you’re using in daily life Virtual Personal Assistants: Siri, Google Now, and Cortana are all intelligent digital personal assistants on various platforms (iOS, Android, and Windows Mobile). They help find useful information when you ask for it using your voice.Smart Home DevicesViContinue ReadingIt is the science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs. It is related to the similar task of using computers to understand human intelligence, but AI does not have to confine itself to methods that are biologically observable. Some examples of Artificial Intelligence you’re using in daily life Virtual Personal Assistants: Siri, Google Now, and Cortana are all intelligent digital personal assistants on various platforms (iOS, Android, and Windows Mobile). They help find useful information when you ask for it using your voice.Smart Home DevicesVideo Games: First-person shooters like Far Cry and Call of Duty also make significant use of AI, with enemies that can analyze their environments to find objects or actions that might be beneficial to their survival; they’ll take cover, investigate sounds, use flanking maneuvers, and communicate with other AIs to increase their chances of victory.Online Customer SupportPurchase Prediction: Large retailers like Target and Amazon stand to make a lot of money if they can anticipate your needs. Amazon’s anticipatory shipping project hopes to send you items before you need them, completely obviating the need for a last-minute trip to the online store. While that technology isn’t yet in place, brick-and-mortar retailers are using the same ideas with coupons; when you go to the store, you’re often given a number of coupons that have been selected by a predictive analytics algorithm. This can be used in a wide variety of ways, whether it’s sending you coupons, offering you discounts, targeting advertisements, or stocking warehouses that are close to your home with products that you’re likely to buy. As you can imagine, this is a rather controversial use of AI, and it makes many people nervous about potential privacy violations from the use of predictive analytics.News GenerationFraud Detection: Have you ever gotten an email or a letter asking you if you made a specific purchase on your credit card? Many banks send these types of communications if they think there’s a chance that fraud may have been committed on your account, and want to make sure that you approve the purchase before sending money over to another company. Artificial intelligence is often the technology deployed to monitor for this type of fraud.Music and Movie Recommendation Services
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-18	Mohan-K-49	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence - Wikipedia: In computer science, artificial intelligence (AI), sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals.[1] Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is often used to describe machines (or computers) that mimic "cognitive" functions that humans associate with the human  Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence - Wikipedia: In computer science, artificial intelligence (AI), sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals.[1] Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is often used to describe machines (or computers) that mimic "cognitive" functions that humans associate with the human mind, such as "learning" and "problem solving" This is the definition you are likely to fine just by googling or going to Wikipedia. So, rather than ask what A.I is, look around for examples around you. Here is an interesting application that made me reflect on the power of A.I. I went to Youtube upload a video of a dance performed by my Son and his classmates at the school’s annual day (link). After uploading the video from my iPhone, I saw a message in my dashboard stating there was “Copyright claim + 1 more.” I clicked to see what it meant:  The kids had danced to a few popular bollywood melodies - FIKAR NOT, Ik Junoon (Paint It Red), Pink Gulaabi Sky - because of which YouTube had decided “Video cannot be monetized Ad revenue paid to copyright owner” All this decisioning and analysis happened in a couple of seconds while my video was being uploaded with no human involvement. 300 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube every minute. Imagine the magnitude of analytics, search and clicking and viewing teams of humans would have to undertake to decide which parts of every video being uploaded on YouTube were using copyrighted song or music? Even assuming one assembled a team of such humans, they would have to be continually trained on the latest genera of trending music and search, applying some cognitive intelligence. Wouldn’t it be cool to design a software system to apply some of the ‘intelligence’ in this domain - searching video for copyrighted music? This is exactly what engineers at YouTube seem to have done. Once you get a basic understanding of what Artificial Intelligence is, you should continue to be curious and observe the trends in the space shaping up around us.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-18	Angela-Hood-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 These days, it’s hard to read any tech news without some mention of AI—but what’s missing is a clear perspective of what AI is and what it isn’t. Tesla’s Elon Musk believes AI presents a “fundamental risk to the existence of human civilization,” and calls for proactive regulation “before it is too late.” Meanwhile Bill Gates, who believes AI will “allow us to produce a lot more goods and services with less labor,” foresees labor force dislocations and has even suggested a tax on robots. With headlines like these, it’s no wonder people have conflicting feelings about AI. It’s also unsurprising th Continue Reading These days, it’s hard to read any tech news without some mention of AI—but what’s missing is a clear perspective of what AI is and what it isn’t. Tesla’s Elon Musk believes AI presents a “fundamental risk to the existence of human civilization,” and calls for proactive regulation “before it is too late.” Meanwhile Bill Gates, who believes AI will “allow us to produce a lot more goods and services with less labor,” foresees labor force dislocations and has even suggested a tax on robots. With headlines like these, it’s no wonder people have conflicting feelings about AI. It’s also unsurprising that fear ranks so high amongst those feelings. The reality is, when it comes to AI, there’s a lot of noise out there, but very little clarity. Most people don’t understand what AI really is. If they did, they might not be so anxious about it. Like any technology, AI comes with potential dangers, but it also has great potential. Specifically, it can enable humans to spend far less time on mundane, repetitive tasks and give them the time to engage with more meaningful work. This would then contribute to a better work/life balance. There’s no reason to panic. Here’s what people need to know about the reality—and promise—of AI: AI isn’t new—not by a long shot. People first started talking about AI around the time of World War II. This was in large part due to Alan Turing. During World War II, Turing served the Allied forces by using automation and machine learning to break the German code created by their Enigma machine. That was the advent of the sort of AI we see now, although people didn’t start using the term “artificial intelligence” until the 1950s. Then, in the 1960s, MIT professors created a computer program called ELIZA that interacted with humans. But what once required specialized labs, mainframes that were the size of houses, and supercomputers is now deployed onto our mobile phones. Today, AI is a part of our daily lives, and most of us don’t even realize it. It comes into play in almost everything we do, from driving directions to answering emails. For example, Gmail uses AI-powered filtering to prevent more than 99% of spam from getting into your inbox, and it uses AI to auto-fill replies to emails with simple phrases like “Great, thanks!” Another example: When we shop online, chatbots recognize words and phrases to deliver helpful content to customers who have common questions. Often, they’re so accurate we think we’re talking to a real person! In a way, it’s shocking there’s so much pushback to AI, considering all the benefits we get from using it every day. AI wears different faces. Not all AI is the same. It’s helpful to think of it in four separate categories. First, you have what we colloquially call “robots.” This includes things like cognitive cybersecurity, surgical robots, and robotic personal assistants. While it’s the category that makes people most nervous, I’ve personally benefited from the creation of surgical robotics. In 2012, I needed emergency surgery—and a multi-arm robot, The DaVinci, made the procedure vastly less onerous. Had it been done by humans, it would have taken three doctors and three separate surgeries totaling 15 hours. But because it was a robot, I was only under for five hours and had to recuperate just once. Second, we have the gaming sector. This includes real-time universal translations, virtual reality, and “thought-controlled” gaming. These are emerging technologies people look at and say, “I don’t quite know what’s going on here.” But generally speaking, people see it as more exciting than threatening. Real-world applications also help better prepare workers, such as those headed for work at off-shore drilling platforms, to be better prepared and operate the rigs more safely for both workers and our environment. Third, we have real-time emotional analytics. This involves being able to detect things like whether a person is lying or is actually going to buy your product. People are wary of this use of AI because it can be invasive and relies heavily on the mining of personal data. Also, it’s not very effective at this point because human decision-making is complex and difficult to detect. Finally, there’s the AI we use all the time. This includes our mobile phone, chatbots, Siri, Alexa, and other tech we use in our daily lives. Remember having to use a paper map to get directions? Today, Google maps uses artificial intelligence, traffic analytics, and sometimes your camera to provide visual and voice directions. We have all experienced times when you know a better route than a mapping program and you have the free will to go in a different direction. However, this same technology provides you insight you would not have otherwise, like where there has been an accident or upcoming detours and road closures. The convergence of a broader range of information and informed recommendations reduces the cognitive load of decision making for each of us. Then as humans we can make a better decision with technology’s help. So when people misunderstand or panic about AI, they usually don’t realize just how many forms of AI technology they use each day. Most of which help us rather than pose a threat. AI can handle the high-tech, but we need humans for the high-touch. There are all kinds of reasons people fear AI, with job loss consistently near the top of the list. And these fears aren’t completely off-base. A recent UK survey estimated that automation could take four million British private sector jobs in the next ten years. In the U.S., 47% of jobs are considered to be at a “high risk” of loss from the implementation of AI. But while negative predictions dominate the press, there are still plenty of reasons to feel positive about the advantages we can gain from the use of AI. AI is great at handling repetitive, computational and mathematical tasks—like scanning data, computing very complex equations or assembling parts in a factory—but there are a ton of skills that AI isn’t great at, like communication, creativity, strategic thinking, and artistic expression. It excels at accelerated task completion and automation but struggles with deeply human skills, like empathy, judgment, general life experiences, and relationship building. AI is great at calculating solutions but doesn’t feel or respond to others’ emotions. In other words, AI relies on human insight and expertise to generate desired outcomes that humans find valuable. Another way to look at it is that if it’s hard for us, like determining the orbital velocity of the moon, it’s easy for AI. And vice versa: getting milk from the refrigerator and pouring a glass is very easy for us, but very difficult for AI! And while AI will inevitably replace some jobs, it will create exponentially more opportunities for human growth. Ultimately, AI will handle mindless tasks to free up human employees for strategic, creative, and critical thinking. Recruiters, for example, won’t have to spend time sifting through thousands of resumes. Instead, they can spend time talking to candidates—something AI can’t do. Remember, the human race has been introducing new technology into our societies since the beginning, almost always to the betterment of all. The goal is to remove burdensome tasks so humans have more time to do the high-value work. Instead of being afraid of AI, we have to learn how to work with it. Programming a robot to do simple tasks is expensive. But there are some uses where it’s absolutely worthwhile. One example is bomb disposal. We have an enormous amount of unexploded devices all around the world that circle all the way back to World War I, and we certainly don’t want people risking their lives to find and dispose of them. Hence, robots are used to clear these bombs out and safely reclaim the lands. Instead of letting fear take control, we should see AI for what it is: an opportunity to do more with our time and leverage our skills to accomplish new things. Say you’re a librarian and you lose your job because the library is completely digitized. You still have skills that, with a modicum of retraining, you can translate to the tech world, and you’ll end up making even more money. If you’re resilient, you’ll land on your feet. But this has always been the case. Mankind continues to evolve and so does the workplace. Companies need to be mindful of the great opportunity to retrain their workforce. And employees will benefit from seizing opportunities made available via online training and upskilling courses. We’re a long way off from AI having the nuanced range of skills that people have inherited. In the meantime, we have to adapt and keep learning how to work with new technology. After all, AI isn’t going anywhere and will help us go everywhere we want to go…even to Mars.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-01-18	Mikkel-Duif	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Not really what most people think it is! And there is a good reason for that. We are presented with so many different ambiguous definitions of what Artificial Intelligence (AI) actually is, without no real consensus of the definition. First of all, we have to define what intelligence even is, and then we have to agree upon what it is when it’s artificial. One definition of AI is as follows: “a system’s ability to correctly interpret external data, to learn from such data, and to use those learnings to achieve specific goals and tasks through flexible adaptation”[1] Another simple one is the Turing T Footnotes[1] ScienceDirectContinue ReadingNot really what most people think it is! And there is a good reason for that. We are presented with so many different ambiguous definitions of what Artificial Intelligence (AI) actually is, without no real consensus of the definition. First of all, we have to define what intelligence even is, and then we have to agree upon what it is when it’s artificial. One definition of AI is as follows: “a system’s ability to correctly interpret external data, to learn from such data, and to use those learnings to achieve specific goals and tasks through flexible adaptation”[1] Another simple one is the Turing Test, which just states that a computer exhibits intelligent behaviour if another human is not able to tell if it is a computer or a human being doing some task. But then we have the AI Effect[2] which is an effect where Artificial Intelligence tends to be discounted whenever a given problem is solved. Things that were considered to be almost magic 10 years ago is very simple now, and we don’t tend to perceive it as AI. Think of image recognition today, which is becoming quite trivial. We don’t think of that as some cutting-edge AI thing anymore. Different levels of AI Besides having different definitions of AI, we also tend to classify it into different things. You would most often have heard about Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Deep Learning, which all have their own definition. I previously wrote a post elaborating on the differences, but in short, they are just sub-units of each other that becomes more advanced. Furthermore, we also talk about different levels of AI that we will approach in the future, which is commonly split into: Artificial Narrow Intelligence (ANI), Artificial General Intelligence (AGI), Artificial Super Intelligence (ASI). They reason why we split it into different levels is the AI’s ability to apply knowledge from one area to another area - like humans do. At the present moment we are at the Artificial Narrow Intelligence. Which mean we can build an AI that excels in playing e.g. Poker, but it can’t really do much other than that without being specifically programmed to do so (I’m sure the cutting-edge research on this is becoming interesting at the moment though). How AI is presented We do not only have how AI is classified into different groups, but we also have how AI is often presented. I’m sure the way Hollywood likes to present AI, is also the way that fascinates most people. Doing a simple Google Image search on AI gives us the following:  The pictures for sure looks quite fascinating, and really makes AI look like some black box of magic. It makes it looks like AI could be some kind of other robot with a soul similar to a human-being - and it may be one day - we just aren’t there yet. A more accurate picture of AI may more look something like this[3]  So in reality what someone developing AI is doing is to use some computer languages to develop some models that show intelligent behaviour. So what is Artificial Intelligence then? You may still wonder what AI actually is - unfortunately, I can not give you a more specific definition than this. However, I can explain how it is working and used today so you’ll be given more insight on how it actually works. The initial work on AI date more than 50 years back and has it fundamentals rooted in mathematics and statistics. Some of the things humans are very good at, e.g. recognising an object, have previously been very difficult to program a computer to recognise. Try to spend 1 minute thinking how you would teach a computer to recognise a picture of a car… You could maybe start programming a lot of very specific things about what a car looks like etc. But that would be a very difficult and error-prone task. So the approach that has been taking is to see how you can convert a picture of a car into a numbers (e.g. assign the colour of each pixels with a given number) and then via optimisation techniques let the computer learn itself when it’s observing a car. I will not go more in depth with how this works - but trust me when I’m saying that it’s all just statistics, math and numbers, that all what it is. If you are really curious, I have also made another post where I explain digit recognition more in depth. Even when it’s AI like a chatbot, it will find some way to convert the input text-message it gets to some numbers, and then output a response. The AI will not be thinking about the text and trying to interpret it like a human-being - it will just do the math and come up with a response. So where is AI today? The DeepIndex provides a very nice overview of some of the tasks AI can solve today. E.g. recommendations, playing games, detecting fraud, navigation directions, translation etc. All of these are at the Artificial Narrow Intelligence (ANI) as previously mentioned.  Even though a lot of people compare the techniques we have with AI today to the structure of the human brain, we still have a few challenges to overcome with AI. As previously mentioned, we have the challenge to transfer learning from one area and apply it to another area, which humans are much more capable of. Moreover, human brains only require a few examples to learn, whereas a computer needs thousands of examples. E.g. when training it to recognise a car, we would need to feed it with thousands of pictures of cars, whereas most humans would be good with just seeing one or two cars to recognise the third. Lastly, how we train our AI systems is also prone to human bias and errors in data. E.g. the Microsoft Twitter AI[4] that suddenly went crazy after a few hours and started tweeting inappropriate tweets. This was all due to human bias - not the AI starting to make its own perceptions. So we still have some way to go, but a lot of researchers agree that we will reach the stage of Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) within a decade, or two, or three. The AGI stage will be where AI will be just as capable of solving tasks as human beings are. This is the stage where people often talk about the dangerous of robots overtaking human kind - is this will be the stage where they are suddenly quickly able to develop their own way to Artificial Super Intelligence (ASI) which is intelligence above human beings. But as far as we are now, the robots do not have souls and are not self-conscious - they are just solving mathematical equations constantly. Which is very useful! But maybe one day in the future, it will be very different. But I have no doubts that it will be very different than any predictions of the future that you will read know. At least we are also doing some quite exciting work with the brain, e.g. NeuraLink[5] - maybe we will learn to empower the human brain artificially before we even reach AGI or ASI - thus it will not be the robots reaching super intelligence, but actually human kind itself. We will have to wait for the future to see what will happened - but sure it will be interesting! Footnotes[1] ScienceDirect[2] AI effect - Wikipedia[3] Why I Bought A .ai Domain Name[4] https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=2&ved=2ahUKEwiz3sykxfbfAhWQv1kKHZUDBqAQFjABegQIARAB&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.theverge.com%2F2016%2F3%2F24%2F11297050%2Ftay-microsoft-chatbot-racist&usg=AOvVaw22rJwAwBQmlI83r-bgsPnD[5] Neuralink
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-29	Mohit-Munjpara	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a field of computer science. To aim computers or robots think, work, react and mimic like human beings. some of the part where artificial Intelligence used: Speech recognition.Health carePersonalize searchRobotics etc.What is Artificial Intelligence Exactly? AI (Artificial Intelligence) is made to make humans life easier and faster. Today we rely on AI technology most of the time but we didn’t know we are using it as our day to day life’s part. Examples Googles speech recognitionGoogles text to speechAmazon personalize product searchingGoogle assistantSelf-driving carsGooContinue ReadingArtificial intelligence is a field of computer science. To aim computers or robots think, work, react and mimic like human beings. some of the part where artificial Intelligence used: Speech recognition.Health carePersonalize searchRobotics etc.What is Artificial Intelligence Exactly? AI (Artificial Intelligence) is made to make humans life easier and faster. Today we rely on AI technology most of the time but we didn’t know we are using it as our day to day life’s part. Examples Googles speech recognitionGoogles text to speechAmazon personalize product searchingGoogle assistantSelf-driving carsGoogle page searching algorithmVideo games (Bot characters)SmartphoneNavigation and travelBanking and financeAmazons AlexaSecurity and surveillance … So on and so forth.It has its subpart call machine learning and a neural network that you will see in my next blog. If you read more detail about Artificial Intelligence than visit this site WikipediaHow does AI come in the market? In the 1940s a programmable digital computer was made that can do mathematical reasoning. This idea leads a few scientists to discuss a serious plan of making an electronic brain. The field AI born in the summer of 1956 in the workshop held on the campus of Dartmouth College. The people who arranged and be a part of that workshop would become leaders of AI for decades. The purpose of that group was to make a machine intelligence that no one can beat. After that government-funded money to them to do research on this field. But after some issues government stopped funding money to them in 1973, those hard days of AI known as “AI winter”. All the research and study on ai would likely be stopped. After seven difficult years, the Japanese government-funded 1 billion USD. After that government needs hardware machines and they also start funding money in research. Why we need Artificial Intelligence? Human intelligence is capable of doing at a certain level. But machines can go beyond and helps humans a lot. In to days word we use AI as a part of us like smartphones. Today’s Artificial Intelligence known as narrow Artificial Intelligence or weak Artificial Intelligence designed to do narrow tasks. AI outperform humans in our games. OpenAI Dota 2 On August 5, a team of AI bots beats professional human players in two consecutive games of Dota 2. The challenger name openAI five developed by openAI team. openAI is a non-profit and non-sponsored company of Elon Musk. Dota 2 is a multiplayer arena strategic game. Google Alpha Go Using machine learning and deep learning and AI. which makes a machine to mimic like humans, think like humans and exactly behaves like humans. a technology calls neural network which name comes after brain cells neural networks. it works exactly like human brains. even it can learn from the past and predict quite accurate possibilities related to winning or losing. this is google’s alpha go. which win against the best player game called GO game. we humans are making and learning possible moves of this game for thousands of years. but by training alpha go for just one week. it beat the world’s best player in GO game. which means ai and machine learning is going to overtake humans. it can learn everything that we humans achieve till these days in just 4 months of training.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-17	SS-1668	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	An artificial intelligence is intelligence that has been artificially developed. Intelligence is ability to acquire skills and knowledge. So if you write an algorithm that can learn some skills on their own is artificial intelligence. AI on chatbot when two human chat with each other it led to friendship, judgemental etc. These are the common results from Intelligence. If your developed system is capable to make their own sentence based on conversation input by human it will be an AI. AI on Self Driving Car Most of the time a beginner make mistake while driving initially but their intelligence led to Continue ReadingAn artificial intelligence is intelligence that has been artificially developed. Intelligence is ability to acquire skills and knowledge. So if you write an algorithm that can learn some skills on their own is artificial intelligence. AI on chatbot when two human chat with each other it led to friendship, judgemental etc. These are the common results from Intelligence. If your developed system is capable to make their own sentence based on conversation input by human it will be an AI. AI on Self Driving Car Most of the time a beginner make mistake while driving initially but their intelligence led to identify where they have made mistake and they try to improve next time while driving. So if the driving skills for a self driving keep on improving then that will be an AI. AI on Recommendations Other common results of natural intelligence is suggestion. So if your artificially developed intelligence has powerful recommendation system that learns from your input that that is AI. I will define AI as intelligence that has been developed artificially observing natural intelligence. Howard Gardner describes his first seven intelligence as follows: (Source - Human intelligence - Wikipedia) Linguistic intelligence: People high in linguistic intelligence have an affinity for words, both spoken and written.Logical-mathematical intelligence: It implies logical and mathematical abilities.Spatial intelligence: The ability to form a mental model of a spatial world and to be able to maneuver and operate using that model.Musical intelligence: Those with musical intelligence have excellent pitch, and may even be absolute pitch.Bodily-kinesthetic intelligence: The ability to solve problems or to fashion products using one's whole body, or parts of the body. Gifted people in this intelligence may be good dancers, athletes, surgeons, craftspeople, and others.Interpersonal intelligence: The ability to see things from the perspective of others, or to understand people in the sense of empathy. Strong interpersonal intelligence would be an asset in those who are teachers, politicians, clinicians, religious leaders, etc.Intrapersonal intelligence: It is a capacity to form an accurate, veridical model of oneself and to be able to use that model to operate effectively in life.So if any of these intelligence can be programmed then that will be Artificial Intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-02-19	Aayushi-Johari	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI) is changing the way we look at the world with new advancements every day. Computer vision (facial recognition, video processing), self-driving cars, intelligent robots are some fields that improve our day to day experience. What is artificial intelligence? Artificial Intelligence, in simple term is nothing but the simulation of human intelligence done by machines that are programmed by us. The machines need to learn how to reason and do some self-correction as needed along the way. Where is AI used? Artificial Intelligence is used almost everywhere today, in systems su Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence (AI) is changing the way we look at the world with new advancements every day. Computer vision (facial recognition, video processing), self-driving cars, intelligent robots are some fields that improve our day to day experience. What is artificial intelligence? Artificial Intelligence, in simple term is nothing but the simulation of human intelligence done by machines that are programmed by us. The machines need to learn how to reason and do some self-correction as needed along the way. Where is AI used? Artificial Intelligence is used almost everywhere today, in systems such as Mail spam filtering, Credit-Card fraud detection systems, Virtual Assistance and so on. Let’s look at some use cases of an AI: Artificial Intelligence For Rescue MissionsDuring any natural disaster, responders need to examine aerial footage to determine where people could be stranded. However, examining a vast number of photos and drone footage is very time and labor-intensive.An Artificial Intelligence system developed at Texas A&M University permits computer programmers to write basic algorithms that can examine extensive footage and find missing people in under two hours.Providing help faster has proven to be a life-saver for the victims.Artificial Intelligence For Smart AgricultureAgriculture is one of the important fields that need the help of technology to be more effective.Berlin-based agricultural tech startup PEAT has developed a Deep Learning algorithm-based application called Plantix which can identify defects and nutrient deficiencies in the soil.Their algorithms correlate particular foliage patterns with certain soil defects, plant pests, and diseases.Artificial Intelligence In HealthcareRobots today are machine learning-enabled tools that provide doctors with extended precision and control. These machines enable shortening the patients’ hospital stay, positively affecting the surgical experience and reducing medical costs all at once.Similarly, mind-controlled robotic arms and brain chip implants have begun helping paralyzed patients regain mobility and sensations of touch.Artificial Intelligence for better or worse is slowly changing various aspects of our daily life and there is no doubt that it will have a huge impact on us in the near future. Hope this helps :)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-05	Tristan-Aurini	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The other answers are fine but i prefer to get into rigorous definitions. Now the way artificial intelligence was taught to me was in the context of search problems. As we can’t talk about a true AI, we treat every problem the AI tries to solve as the search for an answer. An important point of distinction comes from what is intelligence? So is a light switch intelligent? I tell it on/off and it does the job of turning the lights on/off. Similarly i ask my phone for nearby restaurants and it gives me a list. I post a picture to facebook and it finds the exact location of my friends’ faces so i  Continue ReadingThe other answers are fine but i prefer to get into rigorous definitions. Now the way artificial intelligence was taught to me was in the context of search problems. As we can’t talk about a true AI, we treat every problem the AI tries to solve as the search for an answer. An important point of distinction comes from what is intelligence? So is a light switch intelligent? I tell it on/off and it does the job of turning the lights on/off. Similarly i ask my phone for nearby restaurants and it gives me a list. I post a picture to facebook and it finds the exact location of my friends’ faces so i can tag them. There are three categories under this definition: or-based search, and-based search, and set-based search. In Or based search, picture a brute force aporoach where you will try every piece of a possible solution incrementally. The way i like to phrase this is like choosing roads to a destination. I can go down this road OR this road OR this road OR this road… you choose the piece of the solution, in this case a road, that looks better than the others. If you reach something that is not a valid solution, you jump back to your previous decision and choose something else. We can now outline the components of an AI: Definition of a problem. for the roads scenario, lets say its a set of road IDs paired with the IDs of roads they are connect to, plus the initial location as a road, and the final destination as a road. {initRoad, finalRoad, list of pairs (roadID, [otherRoad, otherRoad…])Definition of a solution. I will define this as a set of roads that go from the initial road to the final one with no repeated roads. This is how the AI detects that it is done: (initRoad, …other roads…, final road)Options generator. This is a function that takes the current solution and provides the OR-based options. For this scenario its simple, take the last road in the current solution, and, provided it is not the final road, look it up in the pairs list and you have the other roads it is connected to as options. Other scenarios may be either more complicated or just not compatible with the OR-based methodology.Options selector. This is where “intelligent” decision making comes into play. For this problem, I will say that the ‘best’ next road to add is the one that is closest to the final road by using pythagoras. The next road should not already be in our list. If this road fails, the next best road will be tried. Google maps takes extra things into account like how busy the road is, speed limit, etc. There are inifintely many options for a decision function, some worse than others.That should works alright. Note that since the AI did not define the problem, solution, options, nor decision function itself, this is not a “true intelligence. And-based search comes in when the problem is divisible. I’m sure I’m forgetting more corr pieces of why you use And over Or but it may just be a selection based on how you feel about the problem at hand. I phrase this like when we’re trying to build something like a house. I need a foundation AND 4 walls AND a roof AND a door. In this scenario you are splitting up the problem into parts, solving those parts, and attempting to put them together into a solution. You must also define how the pieces can be compatible or incompatible such that you will be able to redo incompatible solution pieces. You must be able to define which pieces are ‘better’ to be re-solved. So you need: Division function. Something that helps divide the solution into smaller parts.Compatability methodology. Some way to detect if the pieces are incompatible.For building a house, let’s say your AI wants to build the roof, then the walls. Your compatability methodology will probably impose constraints like: do we have walls yet? Similarly, walls should say: do we have a foundation? This is a very simplistic design but you can of course have more complicated versions of this problem. The real distinguishing feature from OR-based, that I recall, is the constraints each piece of the solution imposes on other pieces. You can use this methodology when rules are important, like when you know all testimonies are true, but one of the people is the murderer. The set-based approach models a set of possible solutions. This is like genetic algorithms where each individual is a solution. For this approach, you need a mutate function (that creates a new solution/inidvidual by randomly swapping a piece for another one), a crossover function (that creates a new solution out of two randomly chosen ones), a selection function (that removes some number N of the least viable solutions), and of course, a viability function (to order the possible solutions from least to most viable). N is a number chosen by you and making it too high or too low can increase the run time. This is beacause you have too few, or too many, options to choose from. That’s all I can give you for AI. Almost half a semester worth of theory crammed into a couple paragraphs. Machine learning is mostly just training for pattern recognition similar to what can be achieved with computer vision (which is a separate field sometimes jokingly reffered to as “un-graphics”). For neural nets, check out the “back-propagation” page on wikipedia, the base model is called a “perceptron” but i find that page to be missing information. After that, look at “Support Vector Machines” which are a generalization of neural nets. Deep learning is another word for multi-layered neural nets, neural nets supported by other technologies, or a set-based search approach involving mutliple neural nets, depending on your source. I was disappointed looking it up and realizing it was just an idea i had on the bus one day.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-10-11	Saurabh-Sharma-1345	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	we humans converted our imagination into reality means whatever we think after some time we make them in reality. whether it's about a big space station or wireless internet otherwise computers. there was a time when this technology is just in our fantasies and science fiction stories only, at that time nobody ever thought that after some Century we will convert our fantasies into reality. but it all happened and still continue, just like this, there is an advanced technology called Artificial Intelligence . Which was imagined from a few years ago, and in today's world it becomes reality and d Continue Readingwe humans converted our imagination into reality means whatever we think after some time we make them in reality. whether it's about a big space station or wireless internet otherwise computers. there was a time when this technology is just in our fantasies and science fiction stories only, at that time nobody ever thought that after some Century we will convert our fantasies into reality. but it all happened and still continue, just like this, there is an advanced technology called Artificial Intelligence . Which was imagined from a few years ago, and in today's world it becomes reality and day by day it's making stronger than past . now the question arises what is AI? actually, AI is that field of science in which we make machines hardware and software intelligent because in absence of humans they can do their work nicely. Firstly, some algorithm made and on the basis of the algorithm they work but as time passes they collect all the data. as collecting data they read a different pattern of data and predict decision in future and predict the data pattern in future. because we are in an initial stage of AI then it would be more appropriate to say Machine Learning. that is a branch of AI. in which we teach the machine to learn. if you think that AI can use only in the space programme and in other very important tasks then you are the totally wrong man. you don,t know but you are surrounded by AI in all kinds of stuff. weather its about google search, or computer games, or virtual assistant what do you think they all are operated by the human , no these are operated by AI. even Facebook or Netflix like big websites you see recommendations like by your choice that too fully operated by AI. Amazon like website also used AI for giving suggestion and sending mail or SMS to their customer regarding the product that customer will buy in the future. In the year 2014, a very popular case came up, in which american’s target store retailer was used AI. and AI predicted the pregnancy of a girl on the basis of its changing pattern of buying stuff. even the girls and her family don,t know that she was pregnant actually it happened that in past few months There was some difference in the buying pattern of the girl now she buy cent free soaps and cotton bolls more, on the basis of this pattern the AI programme send baby’s product-related emails. and in one day when her father checked her emails then her father was angry at that store, he went to the store and told them my daughter is in high school and you are sending her to baby’s clothes what you want then the store owners apologies to her father but after some days her father called to that store and said sorry for rude behavior for that day my daughter was pregnant . This is the simple example of AI. If talking about big field then AI also used in drones, self-driving cars, space missions, and much scientific research. even used in medical field also , i mean to say that today in almost every field AI is used thanks for scrolling please upvote stay curious follow Saurabh Sharma
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-08-22	Ahmed-N-Muneeb	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Artificial Intelligence (A.I., otherwise known as Machine Intelligence), is, as the name suggests: intelligence that is displayed by machines in comparison to our known, natural intelligence — intelligence displayed by humans and other animals. From its root dating back to the summer of 1956 in Dartmouth College, the term “Artificial Intelligence” was coined by a group of scientists and mathematicians that was derived from a brainstorming session in which ways that robots and machines could simulate and potentially solve some issues in society. From then, the fascination with robots taking over  Continue Reading Artificial Intelligence (A.I., otherwise known as Machine Intelligence), is, as the name suggests: intelligence that is displayed by machines in comparison to our known, natural intelligence — intelligence displayed by humans and other animals. From its root dating back to the summer of 1956 in Dartmouth College, the term “Artificial Intelligence” was coined by a group of scientists and mathematicians that was derived from a brainstorming session in which ways that robots and machines could simulate and potentially solve some issues in society. From then, the fascination with robots taking over the world (whether for good or evil) has been depicted in pop culture and movies, especially in the old movies in the 1960s and 1970s. A.I. has a wide range of technologies such as logic and rule-based systems that enables computers and robots to solve problems in ways that at least superficially resemble thinking. As far as we know, right now the benefits of A.I. and Deep Learning could really be beneficial to fields that really need it the most. Example? Medicine. Personally, advocating for healthcare, preserving health and to rid the world of all these diseases is something that could really need some disruption and A.I. is doing just that. A.I. has been making incredible progress in the field of medicine. Doctors and Physicians have been able to use A.I. to not only harness the knowledge of one expert in analyzing a health situation, but to aggregate the brainpower of thousands of experts at once — simultaneously. What about Geography? Technology is coastal and that is a problem we all need to look at. The beauty of A.I. and Deep Learning when it comes to the medical space with its continuous evolution, those who live in rural areas and in areas where top notch medical centers are not in their geographical space could have access to all types of health care, anywhere at any time. The ability to digest millions of data, information, side effects and the chemical balances between new drugs, and to process it fast is where A.I. could have its greatest impact.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-03-31	Matt-Mahoney-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The term "artificial intelligence" or "AI" was coined at the 1956 Dartmouth conference. The generally accepted definition is the Turing test, first proposed in 1950, as the ability of a machine communicating using natural language over a teletype to fool a person into believing it was a human. "AGI" or "artificial general intelligence" extends this idea to require machines to do everything that humans can do, such as understand images, navigate a robot, recognize and respond appropriately to facial expressions, distinguish music genres, and so on. We want AGI for two reasons. People don't want  Continue ReadingThe term "artificial intelligence" or "AI" was coined at the 1956 Dartmouth conference. The generally accepted definition is the Turing test, first proposed in 1950, as the ability of a machine communicating using natural language over a teletype to fool a person into believing it was a human. "AGI" or "artificial general intelligence" extends this idea to require machines to do everything that humans can do, such as understand images, navigate a robot, recognize and respond appropriately to facial expressions, distinguish music genres, and so on. We want AGI for two reasons. People don't want to work and don't want to die. First, we pay people USD $75 trillion per year worldwide to do work that machines aren't smart enough to do. Some people oppose this out of fear that robots will put everyone out of work, but this is not the case. We have already been automating labor for hundreds of years and we are better off for it. Machines are already stronger, faster, and in many ways smarter than humans, but we still own them for our benefit. Instead of replacing us, they make us more productive and increase our earnings. The second reason is more controversial and not generally accepted, even among transhumanists. But one of the requirements of AGI is to model (predict) the behavior of individual humans. As humans, we do this all the time to facilitate communication with others. We can save words by guessing what the other person knows and doesn't know. Given enough observation time and data, we could develop very accurate models of human minds. Now suppose that we built a robot that looked like you and programmed it to carry out its predictions of your actions in real time. To everyone that knew you, the robot would be you. If I presented you with your robotic copy and offered you the option to shoot yourself to become immortal, I doubt that you would. But uploading your mind (with the ability to make backups) won't be presented this way. If I offered to turn on the robot at the moment of your death, you might decide differently. Or maybe your relatives or loved ones would make the decision for you. Or perhaps you would just see people go in for a procedure where they come out younger, stronger, smarter, and happier in their new robotic bodies. We don't "need" AI but we want it. AI is an enormously difficult problem, but the incentive to solve it is also enormous. The ROI on automating human labor is world GDP divided by interest rates, or about $1 quadrillion. The ROI on immortality is world GDP times life expectancy, or about $5 quadrillion. The human brain and body are enormously complex, but I do not believe the technical obstacles are insurmountable. A human brain sized neural network with 10^14 synapses and 10 ms response time would require a 10 petaflop supercomputer and 100 terabytes of memory. I estimate that the software, if it had the same information content as our genome, would be roughly 100 million to 1 billion lines of code.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-06-12	Abhay-Singh-1986	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It depends who you ask. Back in the 1950s, the fathers of the field Minsky and McCarthy, described artificial intelligence as any task performed by a program or a machine that, if a human carried out the same activity, we would say the human had to apply intelligence to accomplish the task. That obviously is a fairly broad definition, which is why you will sometimes see arguments over whether something is truly AI or not. AI systems will typically demonstrate at least some of the following behaviours associated with human intelligence: planning, learning, reasoning, problem solving, knowledge rep Continue ReadingIt depends who you ask. Back in the 1950s, the fathers of the field Minsky and McCarthy, described artificial intelligence as any task performed by a program or a machine that, if a human carried out the same activity, we would say the human had to apply intelligence to accomplish the task. That obviously is a fairly broad definition, which is why you will sometimes see arguments over whether something is truly AI or not. AI systems will typically demonstrate at least some of the following behaviours associated with human intelligence: planning, learning, reasoning, problem solving, knowledge representation, perception, motion, and manipulation and, to a lesser extent, social intelligence and creativity. What are the uses for AI? AI is ubiquitous today, used to recommend what you should buy next online, to understand what you say to virtual assistants such as Amazon's Alexa and Apple's Siri, to recognise who and what is in a photo, to spot spam, or detect credit card fraud. What are the different types of AI? At a very high level artificial intelligence can be split into two broad types: narrow AI and general AI. Narrow AI is what we see all around us in computers today: intelligent systems that have been taught or learned how to carry out specific tasks without being explicitly programmed how to do so. This type of machine intelligence is evident in the speech and language recognition of the Siri virtual assistant on the Apple iPhone, in the vision-recognition systems on self-driving cars, in the recommendation engines that suggest products you might like based on what you bought in the past. Unlike humans, these systems can only learn or be taught how to do specific tasks, which is why they are called narrow AI. What can narrow AI do? There are a vast number of emerging applications for narrow AI: interpreting video feeds from drones carrying out visual inspections of infrastructure such as oil pipelines, organizing personal and business calendars, responding to simple customer-service queries, co-ordinating with other intelligent systems to carry out tasks like booking a hotel at a suitable time and location, helping radiologists to spot potential tumors in X-rays, flagging inappropriate content online, detecting wear and tear in elevators from data gathered by IoT devices, the list goes on and on. What can general AI do? Artificial general intelligence is very different, and is the type of adaptable intellect found in humans, a flexible form of intelligence capable of learning how to carry out vastly different tasks, anything from haircutting to building spreadsheets, or to reason about a wide variety of topics based on its accumulated experience. This is the sort of AI more commonly seen in movies, the likes of HAL in 2001 or Skynet in The Terminator, but which doesn't exist today and AI experts are fiercely divided over how soon it will become a reality.A survey conducted among four groups of experts in 2012/13 by AI researchers Vincent C Müller and philosopher Nick Bostrom reported a 50 percent chance that Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) would be developed between 2040 and 2050, rising to 90 percent by 2075. The group went even further, predicting that so-called ' superintelligence' -- which Bostrom defines as "any intellect that greatly exceeds the cognitive performance of humans in virtually all domains of interest" -- was expected some 30 years after the achievement of AGI. That said, some AI experts believe such projections are wildly optimistic given our limited understanding of the human brain, and believe that AGI is still centuries away. What is machine learning? There is a broad body of research in AI, much of which feeds into and complements each other. Currently enjoying something of a resurgence, machine learning is where a computer system is fed large amounts of data, which it then uses to learn how to carry out a specific task, such as understanding speech or captioning a photograph. What are neural networks? Key to the process of machine learning are neural networks. These are brain-inspired networks of interconnected layers of algorithms, called neurons, that feed data into each other, and which can be trained to carry out specific tasks by modifying the importance attributed to input data as it passes between the layers. During training of these neural networks, the weights attached to different inputs will continue to be varied until the output from the neural network is very close to what is desired, at which point the network will have 'learned' how to carry out a particular task. A subset of machine learning is deep learning, where neural networks are expanded into sprawling networks with a huge number of layers that are trained using massive amounts of data. It is these deep neural networks that have fuelled the current leap forward in the ability of computers to carry out task like speech recognition and computer vision. Source :https://www.zdnet.com/google-amp/article/what-is-ai-everything-you-need-to-know-about-artificial-intelligence/
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-08-07	Nipun-Ramakrishnan	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	This is part 1 of my series Understanding Artificial Intelligence Series.  Defining Artificial Intelligence Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the science behind making machines that act and make decisions rationally.[1] Rationality here is defined more technically than in a colloquial context. There are a couple important aspects to the rationality displayed by AI systems: Achieving pre-defined goals of the systemEntirely evaluated by the decisions made rather than the thought process behind the decisionGoals are expressed by the usefulness or utility of the outcomesRationality centers around maximizContinue ReadingThis is part 1 of my series Understanding Artificial Intelligence Series.  Defining Artificial Intelligence Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the science behind making machines that act and make decisions rationally.[1] Rationality here is defined more technically than in a colloquial context. There are a couple important aspects to the rationality displayed by AI systems: Achieving pre-defined goals of the systemEntirely evaluated by the decisions made rather than the thought process behind the decisionGoals are expressed by the usefulness or utility of the outcomesRationality centers around maximizing an expected utility in a systemWe define rationality as such because it makes evaluation of AI systems significantly easier from a scientific perspective. There are arguments for other models of rationality, but this is the model that most in the field of AI accept. In this series, we are going to be looking a lot at rational agents, which are entities that perceive and act in some sort of environment. And because we are trying to make these agents act rationally, these agents will attempt to maximize some utility in this environment. Often, these utilities are how we define them in the environment. For example, if we wanted a robot that cleaned the dishes, we might give more utility to actions that clean and less utility to actions that do not contribute to cleaning dishes. Designing good utilities in environments is actually one of the central challenges in artificial intelligence and we will go through some of the reasons why in this series. A Brief History of AI The first relevant step in AI was the notion of boolean logic, which is possibly the most fundamental concept of logic today. Boolean logic centers around any statement or expression in some context that can be unequivocally classified as true or false. For example, the statement “2 + 2 = 5” within the realm of mathematics is unambiguously false. Therefore, we consider this statement a boolean expression that evaluates to false. Most of us operate using boolean logic without even thinking about it. For example, today before I walked out of my apartment, I made sure I got my keys. Why? Well, if I forget my key and one of my roommates locks the door, I get locked out. This is not an outcome that I want, so I make sure I get my keys. This train of thought is a classic example of boolean logic in which we make decisions based on things that we know to either be true or false in the world. And the amazing thing about boolean logic is that it is an incredibly easy way to create rational agents. For example if I want to design a tic-tac-toe AI, I can manually make a computer pick the best move to every possible move of the other player. For example, if player 1 puts an X in the center, the computer can respond by putting an O in the corner. And this continues for every possible move that the other player makes. And even though this sounds silly, this creates an unbeatable opponent! This idea of logically programming every possibility was actually how a lot of early AI systems began. And it works for small tasks such as tic-tac-toe as well as specialized domains with formal rules. These type of rational agents are often called expert systems and they made use of fundamental knowledge about a specific domain to make rational decisions. But the field quickly ran into an issue when it came to other more complex situations without a repository of complete knowledge. One notable example is a game such as chess. While in 3 x 3 tic-tac-toe we have only a few hundreds of thousands of possible games, in chess the number of possible chess positions is at least Shannon’s number101201012010^{120}.[2] To give context of how insanely massive this number is, the number of atoms in our universe is estimated to be around 1080108010^{80}. There’s no computer in the world currently that could go through all those combinations, let alone a human that can write a program to do so. As a result, AI had to think of a smarter way to approach these problems. In the 1990’s, the field began to take shape into a more technically, algorithmically, and statistically defined subject. Instead of dealing with simple black and white situations, we started to represent more complex systems with mathematics such as probability and statistics. This approach lead to incredible breakthroughs in the field such as the defeat of Garry Kasparov by Deep Blue in 1997. More recently, ideas inspired by statistical approaches lead to the defeat of the world champion Go player by Google Deepmind’s AlphaGo and other leading players in this game. [3]  This approach to AI from a more technically grounded perspective is the one that is used widely today and what we will focus on throughout this series. Footnotes [1] https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.c... [2] Shannon number - Wikipedia [3] Google’s AlphaGo AI defeats team of five leading Go players
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-06-04	Tyagarajan-Sundaresan	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I am here to propose a philosophical definition of AI: It is humanity’s quest to understand itself. It is our attempt to explain things that define us and placed us on an evolutionary pedestal: Our ability to reason and think, to be self-aware, learn complex patterns and create and achieve better and bigger things. In short, it is an attempt to map how our brain (which is something more than just the grey matter in our head, although it is a big part of it) works. Attempting to generate ‘intelligence’ (which is a broad term we’ve come to use to define all of our uniqueness) artificially maybe hum Continue ReadingI am here to propose a philosophical definition of AI: It is humanity’s quest to understand itself. It is our attempt to explain things that define us and placed us on an evolutionary pedestal: Our ability to reason and think, to be self-aware, learn complex patterns and create and achieve better and bigger things. In short, it is an attempt to map how our brain (which is something more than just the grey matter in our head, although it is a big part of it) works. Attempting to generate ‘intelligence’ (which is a broad term we’ve come to use to define all of our uniqueness) artificially maybe humanity’s ultimate self-reflection. It could be the culmination of centuries of pondering about philosophy, psychology, religion, biology, chemistry and a million other fragmented sciences and non-sciences, which we have developed as we grew to explain ourselves and the world around us. It is certainly a daunting task and one which comes with its one set of challenges (paranoia - justified even - being one of them). AI as a science quite possibly follows the following broad stages of evolution: Sub-human, narrow intelligence than mimics human-like thinkingHuman intelligenceSuper-human intelligenceIt is also widely believed that the path from #1 to #3 is not linear (in terms of time / speed) but quite likely to be exponential as this brilliant talk by Nick Bostrom illustrates; Meaning, we may take a lot of time in our journey from #1 to #2 while getting to #3 may just be a ‘hyperloop’ ride away. Put another way, things could explode rapidly once we reach a tipping point. Today, we are still in various levels of #1. We are building recommendation algorithms for anything from product to content, intelligent sub-systems which can play games of intellect (Go, for instance) and beat world masters, software that can recognize faces and parse languages, cars that can drive themselves, and so on. All of these are attempts of varying complexities in stage #1: Define a constrained environment and try to simulate human intelligence and thinking. But the big, open question is ‘How’? How are we going to simulate human intelligence in a constrained environment? Which, not surprisingly, goes back to the most murkily understood science of ‘how do humans think?’. But, as with most emerging, complex sciences, camps have emerged in line with different approaches to simulating intelligence. Pedro Domingoes beautifully structures them into 5 broad buckets in his book The Master Algorithm. A look at these is a fascinating journey into human thought process as well as an indication of our baby-steps. Connection based - The camp that believes in the power of setting up the right mathematical model to simulate the ‘connections’ between neurons and that once you set it up and fire it, the model will be self-learning. Probably the hottest camp in the market, and the camp with all the latest buzzwords that make investors have a wet one as soon as they hear it: Deep learning, check. Back Propogation, check. Neural networks, check.Evolution based - What if life on earth was following a single master algorithm that has been using ‘instances’, like you and me, to keep perfecting itself for millions of years. Enter the evolution and the grandest self-correcting algorithm we’ve ever seen. This camp believes by simulating evolutionary principles, we’d have a system that improves itself, thereby eventually producing the ultimate AI.Bayesian based - While the end goal is to simulate human-like intelligence, the path needn’t be a duplication of natural mechanisms. Bayesian camp believes in logic and is rooted in probability theories. Here, intelligence starts with suppositions (or hypothesis) which have a degree of belief which gets dropped or increased depending on the evidences presented.Symbol based - In a way proposing the most intuitive and simplified AI approach from a conceptual point of view, this camp believed that human intelligence can be synthesized into symbol manipulations.Analogy based - Like a dogged lawyer trying to find precedence, analogy based AI algorithms work on churning the data from past ‘cases’ to identify similar (analogous) situations and uses results from those situations to deduce solutions in the present.None of these camps are mutually exclusive, and it is extremely likely that any awe inspiring AI solution we are likely to see will involve something from all of these. However, it is quite clear that the holy grail that all of them are striving for is that ‘master algorithm’ that can simulate human intelligence (in its capability to learn, deduce and think). This is led by the general belief that once that happens, there is very little stopping us from creating super-human intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-08-01	Lokesh-Sharma-1095	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence  Definition of artificial intelligence computer science, artificial intelligence (AI), sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, unlike the natural intelligence displayed by humans and animals. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of “intelligent agents”: any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals. the term “artificial intelligence” is often used to describe machines (or computers) that mimic “cognitive” functions that humans associate with the Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence  Definition of artificial intelligence computer science, artificial intelligence (AI), sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, unlike the natural intelligence displayed by humans and animals. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of “intelligent agents”: any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals. the term “artificial intelligence” is often used to describe machines (or computers) that mimic “cognitive” functions that humans associate with the human mind, such as “learning” and “problem-solving”. As machines become increasingly capable, tasks considered to require “intelligence” are often removed from the definition of AI, a phenomenon known as the AI effect. A quip in Tesler’s Theorem says “AI is whatever hasn’t been done yet.”For instance, optical character recognition is frequently excluded from things considered to be AI, having become a routine technology. Modern machine capabilities generally classified as AI include successfully understanding human speech, competing at the highest level in strategic game systems (such as chess and Go), autonomously operating cars, intelligent routing in content delivery networks, and military simulations Artificial intelligence was founded as an academic discipline in 1955, and in the years since has experienced several waves of optimism, followed by disappointment and the loss of funding followed by new approaches, success, and renewed funding. For most of its history, AI research has been divided into subfields that often fail to communicate with each other. These sub-fields are based on technical considerations, such as particular goals (e.g. “robotics” or “machine learning”)the use of particular tools (“logic” or artificial neural networks), or deep philosophical differences. Sub-fields have also been based on social factors (particular institutions or the work of particular researchers). Read more-Artificial intelligence - Shouts
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-06-25	Prashanth-531	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the branch of computer sciences that emphasizes the development of intelligence machines, thinking and working like humans. Siri. Siri is one of the most popular personal assistant offered by Apple in iPhone and iPad. ... Tesla. ... Cogito. ... Netflix. ... Pandora. ... Nest (Google) ... Boxever. ... Flying Drones.  A.I. Artificial Intelligence (also known as A.I.) is a 2001 American science fiction drama film directed by Steven Spielberg. The screenplay by Spielberg and screen story by Ian Watson were loosely based on the 1969 short story "Supertoys Last All Summer Long" Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence (AI) is the branch of computer sciences that emphasizes the development of intelligence machines, thinking and working like humans. Siri. Siri is one of the most popular personal assistant offered by Apple in iPhone and iPad. ... Tesla. ... Cogito. ... Netflix. ... Pandora. ... Nest (Google) ... Boxever. ... Flying Drones.  A.I. Artificial Intelligence (also known as A.I.) is a 2001 American science fiction drama film directed by Steven Spielberg. The screenplay by Spielberg and screen story by Ian Watson were loosely based on the 1969 short story "Supertoys Last All Summer Long" by Brian Aldiss. The film was produced by Kathleen Kennedy, Spielberg and Bonnie Curtis. It stars Haley Joel Osment, Jude Law, Frances O'Connor, Brendan Gleeson and William Hurt. Set in a futuristic post-climate change society, A.I. tells the story of David (Osment), a childlike android uniquely programmed with the ability to love. Development of A.I. originally began with producer-director Stanley Kubrick, after he acquired the rights to Aldiss' story in the early 1970s. Kubrick hired a series of writers until the mid-1990s, including Brian Aldiss, Bob Shaw, Ian Watson, and Sara Maitland. The film languished in protracted development for years, partly because Kubrick felt computer-generated imagery was not advanced enough to create the David character, whom he believed no child actor would convincingly portray. In 1995, Kubrick handed A.I. to Spielberg, but the film did not gain momentum until Kubrick's death in 1999. Spielberg remained close to Watson's film treatment for the screenplay. The film received positive reviews, and grossed approximately $235 million. The film was nominated for two Academy Awards at the 74th Academy Awards, for Best Visual Effects and Best Original Score (by John Williams). In a 2016 BBC poll of 177 critics around the world, Steven Spielberg's A.I. Artificial Intelligence was voted the eighty-third-greatest film since 2000.[3] A.I. is dedicated to Stanley Kubrick. Thank youand Follow me for More Updates & Upvote
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-06-27	Shreya-Bose-74	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Developmental science is now capable of inventing machines which are capable to program human tasks and respond to humans in a certain language of understanding. The creation of Artificial Intelligence is basically used in machines like robots, which are more or less intelligent as humans. AI is a science which contributes in may areas for work now. They perform functions associated with problem solving, learning and reasoning. This system is composed of knowledge that allows to works efficiently and according to human wants. These are encoded to program and take actions when given a body or wi Continue ReadingDevelopmental science is now capable of inventing machines which are capable to program human tasks and respond to humans in a certain language of understanding. The creation of Artificial Intelligence is basically used in machines like robots, which are more or less intelligent as humans. AI is a science which contributes in may areas for work now. They perform functions associated with problem solving, learning and reasoning. This system is composed of knowledge that allows to works efficiently and according to human wants. These are encoded to program and take actions when given a body or without it. Thus, it automatically exploits the ability of humans to think. But this has become an urge of modern human to reduce their physical and mental (memory) work. WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE? Artificial Intelligence is a branch of computer science which is capable to mimic human intelligence and is able to take decisions through patterns and algorithms. The decision-making capability through data analytics has modified the whole system and categorized AI on the basis of their performance of work. Artificial Intelligence can be categorized into two: • Weak AI: This is designed to handle simple tasks and deal as not so complicated system. These are considered to be human-like which includes video games, Amazon’s Alexa, Apple’s Siri etc. This type is usually limited to a particular area of work. • Strong AI: This is designed to carry on tasks with complicated systems. The ones associated with applications such as self-driving cars, hospitals operating rooms etc. And hence, this type of AI competes with human intelligence. There are few examples of AI that you may relate on daily life: o Face Recognition used in smartphones for the unlock system. o Driverless cars these days are trendy. o Voice recognition o Biometric technology o Image interpretation, etc. The whole system is more concernedas rational which perform organized actions and aims for getting reasonable information in a queue.Further, you will know more about the programs and functions on how AI is actually heading for new ways in various sectors.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-05-09	Akif-Mufti	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Well, there are many and varied definitions of Artificial Intelligence (AI). Sci-fi has another conception of AI. The father of Artificial Intelligence, John McCarthy,defines it as “The science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs” This is how people thought about AI in its initial phase. Many Experimentation were performed, and with time layers of complexity kept on adding, and this field evolved further. Professor Patrick Winston, who teaches at MIT, defines AI as Follows: “it's about algorithms enabled by constraints exposed by representations  Continue ReadingWell, there are many and varied definitions of Artificial Intelligence (AI). Sci-fi has another conception of AI. The father of Artificial Intelligence, John McCarthy,defines it as “The science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs” This is how people thought about AI in its initial phase. Many Experimentation were performed, and with time layers of complexity kept on adding, and this field evolved further. Professor Patrick Winston, who teaches at MIT, defines AI as Follows: “it's about algorithms enabled by constraints exposed by representations that model targeted thinking, perception, and action. ”  Alan Turing in 1950 introduced a Turing Test— A Human was made to interact with a machine, if human wasn’t able to decide whether it is a machine or Human, then the Machine Passed the Turing Test.  Another Experiment called as Chinese Room Experiment became popular in 1960— A person was kept in a room with a huge Chinese tome, he had no knowledge of Chinese, and yet he was able to reply back in Chinese—when a letter was sent to him. He went on searching for different Chinese words in the Tome. So, even though He didn’t knew the Semantics of Chinese ; He was still able to respond.  In 1964 Eliza was created in MIT ; It is a Natural Language Processing Computer Program.  Other topics like Fuzzy Logic, Artificial Neural Networks and Genetic Algorithms became a part of Artificial Intelligence discourse.  But in the Contemporary times, AI is becoming much Smart; Social Networking implements it, Big Data and Data Mining goes hand in hand with it. Discussions related to Machine Learning have become all pervasive.  In near future, when Internet of Things (IoT) will be a part of our daily lives, we will realize that IoT will be Incomplete without AI, because things will be involved in decision making and AI will play a vital role in that.  Now Keeping in view these kinds of developments , and improvements in AI Patrick Winston modifies his definition further. “And this is an age when we begin to realize that that definition up there is actually a little incomplete, because much of our intelligence has to do not with thinking, perception, and action acting separately, but with loops that tie all those together. “
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-01-27	Manmohan-Singh-96	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence can be simply described as the intelligence developed by engineers for machines using intricate algorithm, unlike human beings who get it naturally. Elon Musk, owner of Open AI, CEO of Tesla and CEO of SpaceX, has many times publicly expressed his worries about AI advancement having great potential to outsmart human beings and take control over our home planet - EARTH. It's true that many companies worldwide are trying to develop AI empowered robots that can partake in a war on behalf of soldiers, which actually poses a threat to humanity - after all they are machines an Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence can be simply described as the intelligence developed by engineers for machines using intricate algorithm, unlike human beings who get it naturally. Elon Musk, owner of Open AI, CEO of Tesla and CEO of SpaceX, has many times publicly expressed his worries about AI advancement having great potential to outsmart human beings and take control over our home planet - EARTH. It's true that many companies worldwide are trying to develop AI empowered robots that can partake in a war on behalf of soldiers, which actually poses a threat to humanity - after all they are machines and making them intelligent could be similar to digging our own grave. However, AI is not only restricted to development of intelligent robots, but also paves the way to make our life better via AI Integration in Mobile Apps and Internet of Things. Using AI on smartphones is not something human beings need to worry about their survival. Instead, it could help us even set up new homes on other planets like Mars. MarsOne, a nonprofit organization based in the Netherlands, is striving hard and moving nicely towards landing the first humans on the Red Planet and establish a permanent human colony there by 2027. The people leaving for the one way trip will make use of AI empowered machines to set up permanent colonies on Mars and enable humans beings on earth to also begin living there as we live on planet Earth. However, there is certainly a dire need to pay heed to the boundaries needed to be drawn around iterations of AI. Else, it won't take long for AI-empowered, deadly machines to wipe off human beings from earth via catastrophic attacks. For tremendous benefits of AI Integration in Mobile Apps, please click here.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-06-03	Peter-Sweeney-10	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is a knowledge-creating machine. The purpose of AI is to create machines that create good knowledge. Just as a theory of flight is essential to the success of flying machines, a theory of knowledge is essential to AI. This is why a theoretical basis for understanding AI has greater reach and explanatory power than the applied or technical discussions that dominate this subject. The prevailing theory of knowledge creation in modern AI is induction. We learn from observation. This is called inductive reasoning, or induction for short. We observe some phenomena and derive general principles to f Continue ReadingAI is a knowledge-creating machine. The purpose of AI is to create machines that create good knowledge. Just as a theory of flight is essential to the success of flying machines, a theory of knowledge is essential to AI. This is why a theoretical basis for understanding AI has greater reach and explanatory power than the applied or technical discussions that dominate this subject. The prevailing theory of knowledge creation in modern AI is induction. We learn from observation. This is called inductive reasoning, or induction for short. We observe some phenomena and derive general principles to form a theory. Machine learning, the most important domain in AI, is also inductive. Unfortunately, induction is prone to errors. It seems to play a central role in science and everyday life, but it also seems prone to produce bad knowledge. Attempts to manage the problem of induction are revealed as a central challenge of AI. So how do we cope with the problem of induction? We leverage existing knowledge. Shalev-Shwartz and Ben-David explain, “We can escape the hazards foreseen by [the problem of induction] by using our prior knowledge about a specific learning task, to avoid the distributions that will cause us to fail when learning that task.”[1] This is the essential connection between existing knowledge and learning. To observe intelligently requires explanations. Explanations figure prominently in the past, present and future of AI. The popular history of AI is that non-inductive approaches necessarily lead to brittle hand crafted systems of knowledge engineering. But on closer examination, explanations have been successfully operationalized in many guises, such as the inductive bias of a learner, the role of background knowledge in “priming the pump” of induction, the importance of sound priors for confronting the “curse of dimensionality”, and the venerable Occam’s razor. The most imaginative solutions are increasingly focused on explanations. Explanatory factors enable rapid learning using only a handful of observations. Innovations in compositionality, distributed representations, and transfer learning mirror the integration of explanations across multiple domains. Explanations also figure prominently in the context of automated scientific discovery through heuristics and search strategies to narrow down a large space of possible hypotheses and new ideas. Generative approaches illustrate the power of explanatory models to create data based on explanations of their environments. These visionary approaches leap over the brittle corpses of knowledge engineering in surprising ways. So why does AI work? Inductive systems work because the problem of induction can be managed. And since there is no universal solution, no free lunch, a deep understanding of the knowledge domain is paramount. This competitive advantage is often expressed as privileged access to data, but it’s better understood as the power of explanations to intelligently guide you to the right data. A new perspective on AI is gained when induction is cast as a problem to navigate rather than a principle unchallenged. And just as various schools of philosophy converged on the consensus of explanations, various schools of AI are converging on the foundation of explanations to create good knowledge. For more details, see my essay, One problem to explain why AI works. Footnotes[1] http://www.cs.huji.ac.il/~shais/UnderstandingMachineLearning/
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-11-03	Monty-Solanki-7	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	In engineering, AI (AI), generally referred to as machine intelligence, is intelligence incontestable by machines, in distinction to the natural intelligence displayed by humans. conversationally, the term "artificial intelligence" is usually accustomed describe machines (or computers) that mimic "cognitive" functions that humans come with the human mind, like "learning" and "problem solving". As machines become more and more capable, tasks thought of to need "intelligence" area unit typically faraway from the definition of AI, a development called the AI result. A quip in Tesler's Theorem says Continue ReadingIn engineering, AI (AI), generally referred to as machine intelligence, is intelligence incontestable by machines, in distinction to the natural intelligence displayed by humans. conversationally, the term "artificial intelligence" is usually accustomed describe machines (or computers) that mimic "cognitive" functions that humans come with the human mind, like "learning" and "problem solving". As machines become more and more capable, tasks thought of to need "intelligence" area unit typically faraway from the definition of AI, a development called the AI result. A quip in Tesler's Theorem says "AI is no matter hasn't been done nonetheless." for example, optical character recognition is usually excluded from things thought of to be AI, having become a routine technology. Modern machine capabilities usually classified as AI embody with success understanding human speech, competitory at the best level in strategic game systems (such as chess and Go), autonomously operative cars, intelligent routing in content delivery networks, and military simulations. Artificial intelligence will be classified into 3 differing types of systems: analytical, human-inspired, and humanized AI. Analytical AI has solely characteristics in step with psychological feature intelligence; generating psychological feature illustration of the planet and mistreatment learning supported past expertise to tell future selections. Human-inspired AI has parts from psychological feature and emotional intelligence; understanding human emotions, additionally to psychological feature parts, and considering them in their deciding. Humanized AI shows characteristics of every kind of competencies (i.e., cognitive, emotional, and social intelligence), is in a position to be self-conscious and is self-conscious in interactions with others.  Research related to computing is very technical and specialised. The core issues of computing embody programming computers for sure traits such as: 1.)Knowledge 2.)Reasoning 3.)Problem determination 4.)Perception 5.)Learning 6.)Planning 7.)Ability to govern and move objects  Why is AI important? Artificial intelligence systems area unit important for corporations trying to extract worth from knowledge by automating and optimizing processes or manufacturing unjust insights. AI systems steam-powered by machine learning alter corporations to leverage their massive amounts of obtainable knowledge to uncover insights and patterns that will be not possible for anyone person to tease out, sanctioning them to deliver additional targeted, personalised communications, predict important care events, determine probably dishonest transactions, and more. What area unit the challenges of mistreatment artificial intelligence? Artificial intelligence goes to alter each business, however we've to know its limits. The principle limitation of AI is that it learns from the info. there's no different method during which data are often incorporated. which means any inaccuracies within the knowledge are going to be mirrored within the results. And any further layers of prediction or analysis got to be other individually. Today’s AI systems area unit trained to try and do a clearly outlined task. The system that plays poker cannot play solitaire or chess. The system that detects fraud cannot drive a automobile or offer you legal recommendation. In fact, associate degree AI system that discovers health care fraud cannot accurately detect tax fraud or warrantee claims fraud. In different words, these systems area unit terribly, terribly specialised. {they area unit|they're} targeted on one task and are aloof from behaving like humans. Likewise, self-learning systems aren't autonomous systems. The fanciful AI technologies that you just see in movies and television area unit still phantasy. however computers that may probe advanced knowledge to be told and ideal specific tasks are getting quite common. For more information visit our website: What is Artificial Intelligence and Why It is Important
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-02-01	Bartmoss-St-Clair	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Short answer: To define artificial intelligence, we must first define intelligence and I have yet to see a really good definition of intelligence (maybe someone here has a rigorous definition?). Long answer: Defining intelligence is a problem that everyone from philosophers to psychologists have tried to tackle. What is it? How is it measured? What does it mean to say some one is “intelligent”? Does it mean they have an advanced ability to spot patterns, solve problems, have a great memory, or are they perhaps more self-aware? Is their brain complexity measured in dynamic system entropy higher? Continue ReadingShort answer: To define artificial intelligence, we must first define intelligence and I have yet to see a really good definition of intelligence (maybe someone here has a rigorous definition?). Long answer: Defining intelligence is a problem that everyone from philosophers to psychologists have tried to tackle. What is it? How is it measured? What does it mean to say some one is “intelligent”? Does it mean they have an advanced ability to spot patterns, solve problems, have a great memory, or are they perhaps more self-aware? Is their brain complexity measured in dynamic system entropy higher? Perhaps they score very highly on one or more IQ tests? I think instead of defining artificial intelligence, we need to more rigorously define what knowledge is. That is, in what sense is knowledge computational so that a computer could calculate it? In the same area we need to come up with a better, more abstract (standard) mathematical treatment of machine learning for problem solving. Coming up with a very good mathematical framework is only part of the problem. In addition we need to provide further proofs in this field such as: what problems can be solved, what problems can’t and why? Of course that isn’t to say that such theorems and frameworks don’t already exist, but I think we can do much better than the current literature describes. One very good example of this: we still don’t know theoretically what a quantum computer could solve and if it could truly solve problems that classical computation couldn’t solve (P=NP problem). Although we are perhaps a decade or a little bit more away from maybe building some time of quantum computer, we are seemingly lacking good mathematical structures for proofs. In conclusion, being able to set hard limits on computational problem solving is key to figuring out what we, with the extension of machines we can build in the future, can know and what we simply can’t know. And I think that would really help us understand ourselves in the process and also to define intelligence, both for us and machines. Only then could we have a “true” artificial intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-05-16	Sazid-Khan-43	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Introduction to A.ILet gets started into the world of machine learning  The term artificial intelligence stirs emotions. For one thing there is our fascinationwith intelligence, which seemingly imparts to us humans a special place among lifeforms. Questions arise such as “What is intelligence?”, “How can one measureintelligence?” or “How does the brain work?”. All these questions are meaningfulwhen trying to understand artificial intelligence. However, the central question forthe engineer, especially for the computer scientist, is the question of the intelligentmachine that behaves like a Continue ReadingIntroduction to A.ILet gets started into the world of machine learning  The term artificial intelligence stirs emotions. For one thing there is our fascinationwith intelligence, which seemingly imparts to us humans a special place among lifeforms. Questions arise such as “What is intelligence?”, “How can one measureintelligence?” or “How does the brain work?”. All these questions are meaningfulwhen trying to understand artificial intelligence. However, the central question forthe engineer, especially for the computer scientist, is the question of the intelligentmachine that behaves like a person, showing intelligent behavior.The attribute artificial might awaken much different associations. It brings upfears of intelligent cyborgs. It recalls images from science fiction novels. It raisesthe question of whether our highest good, the soul, is something we should try tounderstand, model, or even reconstruct.With such different offhand interpretations, it becomes difficult to define the termartificial intelligence or AI simply and robustly. Nevertheless I would like to try,using examples and historical definitions, to characterize the field of AI. In 1955,John McCarthy, one of the pioneers of AI, was the first to define the term artificialintelligence, roughly as follows:The goal of AI is to develop machines that behave as though they were intelligent.To test this definition, the reader might imagine the following scenario. Fifteenor so small robotic vehicles are moving on an enclosed four by four meter squaresurface. One can observe various behavior patterns. Some vehicles form smallgroups with relatively little movement. Others move peacefully through thespace and gracefully avoid any collision. Still others appear to follow a leader.Aggressive behaviors are also observable. Is what we are seeing intelligentbehavior? According to McCarthy’s definition the aforementioned robots can be described as intelligent. The psychologist Valentin Braitenberg has shown that this seemingly  Fig. 1.1 Two very simple Braitenberg vehicles andt reactions to a light source complex behavior can be produced by very simple electrical circuits [Bra84].So-called Braitenberg vehicles have two wheels, each of which is driven by anindependent electric motor. The speed of each motor is influenced by a light sensoron the front of the vehicle as shown in Fig. 1.1. The more light that hits the sensor,the faster the motor runs. Vehicle 1 in the left part of the figure, according to itsconfiguration, moves away from a point light source. Vehicle 2 on the other handmoves toward the light source. Further small modifications can create otherbehavior patterns, such that with these very simple vehicles we can realize theimpressive behavior described above.Clearly the above definition is insufficient because AI has the goal of solvingdifficult practical problems which are surely too demanding for the Braitenbergvehicle. In the Encyclopedia Britannica [Bri91] one finds a Definition that goes like: AI is the ability of digital computers or computer controlled robots to solve problems that are normally associated with the higher intellectual processing capabilites of humans...For more info just visit our site👇👇 A.I: An introduction
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-03-24	Affan-Skm	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	WHAT IS AI? Artificial Intelligence is a domain of computer science, as the word says Intelligence, Machine acts intelligently as we give some inputs to the machine. Artificial Intelligence Learns Things By Experience. We have different types of AI · Narrow AI · General AI · Strong AI (still fictional) Now, AI is dependent on the tasks they carry out. It can range from simple task, to complex analytics. There are a few domains on how AI carry out their functions. Formal Tasks- Tasks which requires logic and constraints to function. (For eg. Mathematics, Games, verification) Mundane tasks- Routine everyday  Continue ReadingWHAT IS AI? Artificial Intelligence is a domain of computer science, as the word says Intelligence, Machine acts intelligently as we give some inputs to the machine. Artificial Intelligence Learns Things By Experience. We have different types of AI · Narrow AI · General AI · Strong AI (still fictional) Now, AI is dependent on the tasks they carry out. It can range from simple task, to complex analytics. There are a few domains on how AI carry out their functions. Formal Tasks- Tasks which requires logic and constraints to function. (For eg. Mathematics, Games, verification) Mundane tasks- Routine everyday tasks that requires common sense reasoning (For eg. Perception, robotics, natural language, Vision, Speech) Expert tasks- Tasks which requires high analytical and thinking skills, a job only a professionals can do Venn Diagram As we can see in above picture of Umbrella of AI and intersection of other two domains such as DATA SCIENCE and BIG DATA. AI is now having machine learning, neural networks and deep learning under its shade. WHAT ARE THESE MACHINE LEARNING, NEURAL NETWORKS AND DEEP LEARNING. MACHINE LEARNING: As I have said earlier AI learns from Experience but machine learning learns from data As of now the real artificial intelligence is machine learning. There are 3 types of AI · Supervised learning: supervised learning means we already know the output what it will come through some learning models deployed into that specific supervised learning. The inputs we give are of very similar kind · Unsupervised learning: In Unsupervised learning we don’t know the possible outcome as the inputs we give are very different from each other. · Reinforcement learning: Reinforcement learning means the agent learns from the environment around it. Example: chess, there are different types of moves and strategies in chess by using reinforcement learning the agent may learn strategies from the real player. NEURAL NETWORKS Artificial neural networks are inspired from our very own biological neural networks (neurons). Neural networks are series of algorithms which can also track some patterns. It consists of input layer, output layer and in between many or single hidden layer. Machine learning is all of neural http://networks.as long we train (simulate) the neural network the outputs gets closer to its precision. DEEP LEARNING Deep learning is a subset of machine learning where artificial neural networks, algorithms inspired by the human brain, learn from large amounts of data. Similarly to how we learn from experience, the deep learning algorithm would perform a task repeatedly, each time tweaking it a little to improve the outcome What is data science and big data and why it is related to Artificial Intelligence? Data science Data science is the study of data. It involves developing methods of recording, storing, and analyzing data to effectively extract useful information. The goal of data science is to gain insights and knowledge from any type of data — both structured and unstructured As we can see the above Venn diagram Machine learning is more of math and statistics. Big Data People are using a humongous amount of data in thousands of Exabyte (1 Exabyte=10 lakh Terabyte or 1024 petabyte) These large data are named as big data. These data are stored by using some methods by Big data Engineers. Machine learning requires a lot of data to process its model, so the data comes from big data engineers and then data scientists refine the data and deploy that data into Machine learning model which uses some algorithm to train the data. Those algorithm is made by Machine learning researchers. This is why data science, big data and AI are interrelated.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-27	HackerSides	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is AI ? Is good or bad for you ? every day a large portion of the the population is at the mercy of a rising technology if you actually understand  you know Hal 9000 and Marvin the Paranoid Android thanks to books and movies each generation has formed its own fantasy of a world ruled or at least served by robots we’ve been conditioned to expect flying cars that steer clear of traffic and robotic maids whipping up our weekday dinner but if the age of AI is here why not our lives look more like  the Jetsons well for starters that’s a cartoon and really if you’ve ever brows Continue ReadingWhat is AI ? Is good or bad for you ? every day a large portion of the the population is at the mercy of a rising technology if you actually understand  you know Hal 9000 and Marvin the Paranoid Android thanks to books and movies each generation has formed its own fantasy of a world ruled or at least served by robots we’ve been conditioned to expect flying cars that steer clear of traffic and robotic maids whipping up our weekday dinner but if the age of AI is here why not our lives look more like  the Jetsons well for starters that’s a cartoon and really if you’ve ever browsed Netflix movie suggestions or told Alexa to order a pizza you’re probably interacting with artificial intelligence more than you realize and that’s kind of the point AI is designed so you don’t realize there’s a computer calling the shots but that also makes understanding what AI is and what it’s not a little complicated in basic terms, a AI is a broad area of computer science that makes machines seem like they have human intelligence so it’s not only programming a computer to drive a car by obeying traffic signals but it’s when that program also learns to exhibit signs of human-like road rage as intimidating as it may seem this technology isn’t new actually for the past half a century it’s been an idea ahead of its time the term artificial intelligence was first coined back in 1956 by Dartmouth professor John McCarthy he called together a group of computer scientists and mathematicians to see if machines could learn like a young child does using trial and error to develop formal reasoning the project Read More What is AI ? Is good or bad for you ? - Regards hackersides.com - Your Vision , Our Future
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-10-15	Sebastien-Dourlens	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial means not natural so made by living being, not by nature. genetic manipulation can be considered artificial. Anyway, we talk about agent.Intelligence is the observation and the ability to reason and adapt to its living environment in order to achieve a goal. in natural life, a goal will be general like surviving and reproducing or be happy. today, with current hardware and software technology, it is any successful tasks you require, even a not very smart task (like repeating factory robot task).the more evaluations and decisions your agent takes, the smartest it is. it implies ano Continue ReadingArtificial means not natural so made by living being, not by nature. genetic manipulation can be considered artificial. Anyway, we talk about agent.Intelligence is the observation and the ability to reason and adapt to its living environment in order to achieve a goal. in natural life, a goal will be general like surviving and reproducing or be happy. today, with current hardware and software technology, it is any successful tasks you require, even a not very smart task (like repeating factory robot task).the more evaluations and decisions your agent takes, the smartest it is. it implies another ability which is learning. and learning does not just require selected data but requires a very accurate environment perception (sensors and selection of pertinent information on things) and also truly reacting to actions (actuators, control and selection, planning, task and management, ....)it is important to differentiate intelligent programs that can not improve itself than intelligent agents.today, you may find these two types of artificial intelligence but the former is not intelligent for me, it is just lines of code. the latter implies to produce or choose your own code to act, it is another abstraction level ;-) a mouse is little clever because it does not take the same path in a labyrinthe so it thinks and try to explore and exploit its environment. this is not the case of the best diksjtra shortest path program.ai contains machine learning algorithms if they bring ai an ability to learn. but nowadays, people believe they do artificial intelligence. it is not true.the result of their learning is just limited to their input-output database. if a recognition program are not able to distinguish a new thing on the street, what your decision program will do when driving a car? if you want safety, you improve or remove ai and all bad learning software should be thrown. lol. why this new thing is not a problem for human? understanding is the key.what is clever is not the ability of learning but the ability to use the learning to improve itself as i gave you a clear definition. we can say these professional people, not scientists, are using buzzing technology without understanding what is AI. Remember that talkers are not doers.So I may say that your question is very legitimate due to the maximum of confusion in so many news and internet chaos.Sorry I can talk a lot about AI but i think now you have a good idea of what it is and what it should be.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-06-08	Mohd-Arshan-Khan	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is exhibited by machines. As the word itself says Artificial, it is developed by humans to cater the needs of humans.  Machines which have artificial intelligence are usually made to answer the following or to react according to the need of the consumer or the user or the operator:- The central problems or Goals of AI research include  1) Reasoning, 2) Knowledge 3) Planning 4) Learning 5) Natural language Processing(communication), 6) Perception, and 7) the ability to move and manipulate objects, Let me start to make you understand in layman’s language what the use Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is exhibited by machines. As the word itself says Artificial, it is developed by humans to cater the needs of humans.  Machines which have artificial intelligence are usually made to answer the following or to react according to the need of the consumer or the user or the operator:- The central problems or Goals of AI research include  1) Reasoning, 2) Knowledge 3) Planning 4) Learning 5) Natural language Processing(communication), 6) Perception, and 7) the ability to move and manipulate objects, Let me start to make you understand in layman’s language what the use of artificial intelligence is? So, you must have used the GPS system to reach your destination, so whenever there is some traffic jam the simple mobile app which we use to reach our destination tell us another way of reaching there. How is this really possible? This is achieved through artificial intelligence. Similarly, an American Newspaper used computers to write a news article, where they simply had to write the basics of the news story which include 5W , 1H and the computer wrote the article itself which was also interesting and had emotions in it.  So, artificial intelligence now have EMOTIONS too. Artificial Intelligence is not limited to newsrooms, One episode of American Television series F.R.I.E.N.D.S was written by computer using artificial Intelligence, and it was very famous among the youth. Cyber-Security also uses the AI to protect the nation from cyber terror attacks. These days terrorist are spreading terrorism using the INTERNET that is the reason every nation wants to delete the Twitter accounts of the ISIS so that they cannot spread terrorism. Artificial intelligence is in every part of our life and we use it without even knowing that we the consumers of AI. Artificial Intelligence cannot be explained in a few words so, here I tried to explain the use of AI and how we are addicted to it.  Hope I have answered your question. :)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-12-27	Oodles-AI	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI (artificial intelligence) is the simulation of the human brain’s intelligence processed by machines, especially computer systems. It processes include information and rules for using the information and using rules to reach approximate or definite conclusions plus self-correction. Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create smart and intelligent machines that work and react like humans. It has become a vital part of the information technology industry. In today’s world, AI techniques have experienced a resurgence following concurrent advances in computer power Continue ReadingAI (artificial intelligence) is the simulation of the human brain’s intelligence processed by machines, especially computer systems. It processes include information and rules for using the information and using rules to reach approximate or definite conclusions plus self-correction. Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create smart and intelligent machines that work and react like humans. It has become a vital part of the information technology industry. In today’s world, AI techniques have experienced a resurgence following concurrent advances in computer power, large amounts of data, and theoretical understanding. AI development services are helping industries to solve many challenges in software engineering. Particular applications of AI include expert systems, speech recognition, operations research. and machine vision. Examples of AI Technology AI is involved in various types of technology. Below are examples. Automation: Enables a system or process function automatically. For example, robotic process automation (RPA) can be programmed to perform high-volume, repetitive tasks that humans normally performed taking more time. Machine vision: The science that allows computers to see by capturing and analyzing visual information using a camera, analog-to-digital conversion, and digital signal processing. It can be compared to human eyesight, but machine vision isn’t bound by biology and can be programmed to see through walls, for instance. It is used in signature identification for medical image analysis. Computer vision is focused on machine-based image processing. Applications of Artificial Intelligence Artificial intelligence has made its application in many areas. below are some examples. Healthcare. Companies are applying artificial intelligence to make better and faster diagnoses than humans for improving patient outcomes and reducing costs. For instance healthcare technology IBM Watson understands natural language and is capable of responding to questions asked of it. The system mines patient data to form a hypothesis, which it then presents with a confidence scoring schema.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-05-19	Rjt-Sharma-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is creating a big buzz around the world. A heap of applications in Artificial Intelligence has changed the face of technology. These words, machine learning and artificial intelligence are often used for each other. However, there is a difference between the two which is still unknown to the industry professionals. Uses :— Artificial Intelligence is here to stay and is going nowhere. It digs out the facts from algorithms for a meaningful execution of various decisions and goals predetermined by a firm.Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning are likely to replace the Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is creating a big buzz around the world. A heap of applications in Artificial Intelligence has changed the face of technology. These words, machine learning and artificial intelligence are often used for each other. However, there is a difference between the two which is still unknown to the industry professionals. Uses :— Artificial Intelligence is here to stay and is going nowhere. It digs out the facts from algorithms for a meaningful execution of various decisions and goals predetermined by a firm.Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning are likely to replace the current mode of technology that we see these days, for example, traditional programming packages like ERP and CRM are certainly losing their charm.Firms like Facebook, Google are investing a hefty amount in AI to get the desired outcome at a relatively lower computational time.Artificial Intelligence is something that is going to redefine the world of software and IT in the near futureThis technology is also useful in an environment like a construction site where specialized tools needed by people are spread out, sometimes across multiple floors. Using cameras already in place, this technology can identify a specific tool as well as the closest authorized person who can deliver it saving everyone’s time and keeping the workflow moving. With AI the digital and physical worlds have come together to make everyone more safe, secure, and productive.When using smartphone we interact with AI from the obvious features such as the built-in smart assistants (Alexa, Siri) to not so obvious ones such as the portrait mode (Google Pixel 2) in the camera. With Social Media becoming non-separable part of today’s life, the feeds that we see in our timeline to the notifications that we receive from these apps everything is being curated by AI, impacting most of the decisions we make. The recommended videos section on Youtube or Netflix has become so good at knowing our tastes because AI is playing a big role in making decisions for us.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-01-09	Amit-Tiwari-615	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is software, or a computer program, with a mechanism to learn. It then uses that knowledge to make a decision in a new situation, as humans do. The researchers building this software try to write code that can read images, text, video, or audio, and learn something from it. Once a machine has learned, that knowledge can be put to use elsewhere. If an algorithm learns to recognize someone’s face, it can then be used to find them in Facebook photos. In modern AI, learning is often called “training” (more on that later). Why is AI important? Once artificial intelligence has  Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is software, or a computer program, with a mechanism to learn. It then uses that knowledge to make a decision in a new situation, as humans do. The researchers building this software try to write code that can read images, text, video, or audio, and learn something from it. Once a machine has learned, that knowledge can be put to use elsewhere. If an algorithm learns to recognize someone’s face, it can then be used to find them in Facebook photos. In modern AI, learning is often called “training” (more on that later). Why is AI important? Once artificial intelligence has learned how to identify an apple in an image or transcribe a snippet of speech from an audio clip, it can be used in other pieces of software to make decisions that would have once required a human. It can be used to identify and tag your friends in Facebook photos, something you (a human) would have had to do manually. It can identify another car or a street sign in a self-driving car or your car’s backup camera. It can be used to locate bad produce that should be removed in agriculture production. These tasks, based only off image recognition, would typically be done by either the user or someone in the company providing the software. If a task saves the user time, it’s a feature, and if it saves someone at the company time or eliminates a job completely, it’s a cost saver. There are some applications, like crunching millions of data points in minutes for sales analytics, that could never have been feasible without machines, meaning potential for new information that has never been possible before. These tasks can now be done quickly and cheaply by machines, anytime and anywhere.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-27	Patrick-Rupareliya	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Ideation of Artificial Intelligence The term Artificial Intelligence is invented by John McCarthy in 1956. He defines AI as “The science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs”. AI enables machines to think and act like human brains. It analyzes human behavior in the process of solving a problem and making a decision. Accordingly, AI embeds the ability to learn, work and decide in machines, software, and systems so that they can respond smartly in various situations. Journey of AI in Robotics and Mobile Apps In early age, use of AI was limited to t Continue ReadingIdeation of Artificial Intelligence The term Artificial Intelligence is invented by John McCarthy in 1956. He defines AI as “The science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs”. AI enables machines to think and act like human brains. It analyzes human behavior in the process of solving a problem and making a decision. Accordingly, AI embeds the ability to learn, work and decide in machines, software, and systems so that they can respond smartly in various situations. Journey of AI in Robotics and Mobile Apps In early age, use of AI was limited to the computers. Later on, robotics came into the picture. In our day, it becomes an integral part of human life by expanding its technical proficiency for mobile platforms. Introducing highly intuitive apps, AI is changing the everyday lives of users profoundly. Conceptualization 1950 Alan Turing proposed the Turing Test that defines a standard for a machine to be called “intelligent”. 1956 John McCarthy introduced the term “Artificial Intelligence” during the 2nd Dartmouth Conference. Since then, rare industry domains remained untouched by AI. It has revolutionized several industry verticals such as Finance, Hospitals and Medicines, Telecommunications, Aviation, Toys, Games, Music, and so on. However, the invention of autonomous robots was a landmark achievement in the history of AI. Robotics 1960s Shakey: A robot that combines perception, problem solving and locomotion. UNIMATE: Launch of 1st industrial robot goes to work for General Motors. 1970-80s Freddy Robot: A robot that uses visual perception to locate and assemble models. 1990s Sojourner: NASA deploys the 1st robot on Mars. 2000s ASIMO: Honda launched a robot walks as fast as a human while delivering trays to customers in a restaurant. After 2000s Google Brains: A computer cluster that trains itself to recognize a cat from millions of images in YouTube videos. Mobile Apps With the AI, IT attains new heights in different areas by developing next generation software, systems, tools, technologies. Now its turn of Mobile platform! AI has penetrated in the mobile market to amaze the large user base with amazing applications. The tech world is moving beyond simple to a complex algorithm for mobile apps. From the tech leaders such as Google, IBM, Facebook, etc. to small startups have started investing in Artificial Intelligence. Look around! There are a number of personal assistance apps available on iOS and Android platform. Integration of AI in mobile apps allows users to make instant and advanced decisions with the greater user experience. Best AI Mobile Apps Example Google Allo  Google has recently introduced its AI-based chat app called “Allo”. It helps users to make smart conversation through instant response using Google Assistance. The app analyzes user’s behavior and accordingly modifies the response. With Allo, the communication becomes more intuitive and quicker. Moreover, the app merges the best of Google’s predictive and search superpowers along with excellent personal assistance. Evi  Evi is always ready to answer any of your questions. The app has collected a comprehensive database of billions of facts and is learning more each day. Amazing part of the app is, it allows users to ask questions in their natural spoken text or language. Evi identifies what user wants to discover and replies back exactly what he/she is looking for. Improve your knowledge with Evi that responds you in her own voice as well as written text. The app does not simply share links; it displays exact information. Bernie  Bernie is an online dating app that offers smartest matchmaking assistance. It learns who you find physically attractive and connects to your Happn or Tinder account to find perfect matches who are mutually interested in you. Using the advanced artificial intelligence, Bernie manages the multiple dating accounts. The app also understands the ‘markers’ in each human face that makes an individual different from others. Insert your preferences in the app and train it to think and work like you to get the potential matches in Happn or Tinder. Bernie thinks like you and works in the background to search the perfect matches for you by considering your criteria. Source article: Artificial Intelligence: A Rising Star of Mobile Technology What is Artificial Intelligence (AI)? - Definition from Techopedia
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2014-04-11	Terrence-Reed	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is Artificial Intelligence? There are as many views on Artificial Intelligence (AI) as there are on human intelligence, but the most popular is what is termed "strong AI", or "artificial general intelligence". Strong AI, as opposed to "weak AI", exhibits behavior which can be considered conscious thought, something that only animals have been able to exhibit so far. Many even go a step further and consider strong AI to mean human conscious thought, including language, thought and perhaps even feelings. Ultimately, strong AI will exhibit the characteristics of consciousness, self-awareness, Continue ReadingWhat is Artificial Intelligence? There are as many views on Artificial Intelligence (AI) as there are on human intelligence, but the most popular is what is termed "strong AI", or "artificial general intelligence". Strong AI, as opposed to "weak AI", exhibits behavior which can be considered conscious thought, something that only animals have been able to exhibit so far. Many even go a step further and consider strong AI to mean human conscious thought, including language, thought and perhaps even feelings. Ultimately, strong AI will exhibit the characteristics of consciousness, self-awareness, sentience and sapience. It is at this point that Homo sapiens will be compelled to acknowledge their "personhood" and afford them with all of the rights and responsibilities we enjoy as fellow humans.  Simultaneous to the evolution of AI, we are seeing the rise of Augmented Humanity, in which we are able to alter our own biology and use technology internally as well as externally, organically and synthetically. The trends in strong AI and augmented humanity are symbiotic and are bringing us to a stage in human evolution that has been termed the "Technological Singularity". A point in time at which the level of intelligence of strong AI exceeds that of Homo sapiens at a rate approaching infinity, creating a state in which we as Homo sapiens can not understand as our finite minds cannot process the intelligence of strong AI as it races towards infinity. If we as Homo sapiens do not augment our biology, we will be left in the dust of time by strong AI, but if the near ubiquitous acceptance and adoration of our smart phones is any indication, we will not be left behind, on the contrary, we will be an active participant in the Technological Singularity. The distinction between that which is human and that which is AI will become outdated as the two converge. There will be those that choose to be anachronisms, and they will be respected, but for those who want to go down the rabbit hole, there will be a wild ride ahead as we boldly go where no one has gone before.http://www.singularitysymposium.com/what-is-artificial-intelligence.html
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-10-31	Yogesh-Kumar-3417	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI can explain as a technology through which we can make machines, which can learn from physical world and make decision as a human does. In other words AI is technology through which we are going to make a machine like human. AI is next requirement of humanity. With the advancement of science and technology scope of humans increasing day by day. As in ancient days we cannot even think to cross the sea but in middle we did it with ships. In 18th century we had no idea how to fly or travel through sky but now we have technology for that. Today we are working on space travel. With the all secnario Continue ReadingAI can explain as a technology through which we can make machines, which can learn from physical world and make decision as a human does. In other words AI is technology through which we are going to make a machine like human. AI is next requirement of humanity. With the advancement of science and technology scope of humans increasing day by day. As in ancient days we cannot even think to cross the sea but in middle we did it with ships. In 18th century we had no idea how to fly or travel through sky but now we have technology for that. Today we are working on space travel. With the all secnario as we see above the ability of human increasing with the advance of machine ability. As human can cross sea with the ability of ship, fly with planes and go to space with spacecraft. In the same way to increase the ability of human AI is necessary at this point in various areas. We have certain limits of our bodies(biological) in these we can sustain, but if we have intelligent machines then it can be overcome as they will utilize the strength of material. For example we require plane to travel but drone can fly alone who's size is much less then plane and examine things which are not in access of human. Even it can send data to remote locations. All this can be done with any risk to human life. In space human body requires space suit and had a limited time to stay, we had to return before our resources end. But intelligent machines can go without suit and stay longer there can work for year there. It may be possible that will lead a new revolution. AI in auto industry may decrease road accidents. One example is the automated trains, train accidents decrease round the world with use of automatic train protection and auto train operators. Similarly in air planes we have auto piIn farming it will improve the quality we are getting with same resource. Every advancement in technology has both sides it depends on the user. Now it is highly required for human.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-07-13	Shweta-Suvarna-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Are we going to be like robots? Or robots are becoming more human? We want to automate all the work we have undertaken. From pouring the coffee into the cup to machining the work of making a machine, humans are dependent. This automation was hardly started 5,000 years ago with the wheel. Since then, we are actively working in making ourselves lazier day by day. However, there are many alikeness amidst all these differences between a bot and a human. Techies would say Artificial Intelligence whereas a common man might call it, “Oh wow, it understands me!” Infact, this very similarity was the bas Continue ReadingAre we going to be like robots? Or robots are becoming more human? We want to automate all the work we have undertaken. From pouring the coffee into the cup to machining the work of making a machine, humans are dependent. This automation was hardly started 5,000 years ago with the wheel. Since then, we are actively working in making ourselves lazier day by day. However, there are many alikeness amidst all these differences between a bot and a human. Techies would say Artificial Intelligence whereas a common man might call it, “Oh wow, it understands me!” Infact, this very similarity was the base of the company for successful implementation by RPA. There are a few important points which should be noted in the realm of science and innovation, including from Stephen Hawking, Bill Gates, and Elon Musk, that have cautioned of man-made brainpower finding and in any event, outperforming that of individuals not long from now. They imagine when PCs will essentially be more astute in all regions where people used to win. Luckily, this situation, terrifying for some, won't be actually similar to this. There are a few contrasts between man-made reasoning, regardless of how best in class, and human knowledge. We are going to concentrate on three of these distinctions, three human characteristics that man-made reasoning won't have the option to reproduce (at any rate not sooner rather than later): experience, qualities, and judgment. PCs are surely ready to settle on decisions dependent on the information that is accessible to them, anyway that it is totally different based on what is implied by "judgment." Judgment depends on qualities, and qualities are found out from life experience. Artificial Intelligence, in rundown, a propelled PC despite everything doesn't encounter life as we probably are aware of, thus doesn't create what we would call "values," and in this manner we can't call the choices they make decisions. Also, they have no huge premise on which to set targets or goals (they respond to directions given to them). Directly, that puts an essential breaking point on the job that they can involve in our lives and society. What errands would we represent to a machine? It is safe to say that we are certain that it would make the best call? Is the information that we give it enough to guarantee that it can settle on a choice, as per values that are all around acknowledged by people? There is no compelling reason to fear a future where man-made brainpower can take on different jobs that are these days done by people. As we have consistently done, since the primary instruments were conceived at the beginning of mankind, individuals will work connected at the hip with innovation, regardless of the fact that it is, to improve the result of that activity and settle on the best choices, put together with respect to information, yet in addition our background and the qualities picked up from it. Crafted by the future won't be solely saved for man-made brainpower, equipped for preparing trillions of bits of information in a second, yet for a group comprised of both "robots" and people, who—communicating the qualities of both—will figure out how to act in the most ideal manner for the benefit of everyone. Tending to the definition of Robot is somewhat entangled since the meaning of "robot" can vary depending upon whether one's thoughts adjust all the more intimately with science or with sci-fi. How about we concur for the time being that a robot is a falsely wise life-structure with a type of body that can detect and react to improvements; for additional investigation of what establishes a robot, see the sources connected beneath. The most clear distinction initially is that while people and robots both have bodies, human bodies are on the whole comparable in natural cosmetics and physical highlights, while robots can contrast from each other in unlimited manners. A robot might be minute or very huge, and keeping in mind that it could be intended to have a human-like appearance, it might on the other hand have a totally extraordinary arrangement of physical highlights. A robot can be worked to whatever details its maker plans. People and robots both think and have insight, however a robot's knowledge is programmable by PC, while human insight isn't. People are fit for reason and rationale, and keeping in mind that robots can detect and react to natural boosts, reactions are restricted by the calculations with which they have been modified. As calculations improve, insight and talented reactions develop, in this way robots can enhance knowledge and abilities much like people can. Robots would not exist without crafted by people, though people have since quite a while ago existed without robots. Since robots can hypothetically be customized to attempt any etymological signals or influencing mental aide capacities is still in its simple stages. Maybe the most significant differentiation among people and robots lies in the pith of creation, itself: people made robots, not the other way around.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-02-21	Priya-Sharma-1388	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Artificial intelligence (AI) is considered to be a revolutionary technological development and its integration across a host of applications is one of the key factors driving this market. Advances in image and voice recognition are driving the growth of the regional market. Improved image recognition technology is critical in enhanced drones, self-driving cars, and robotics. The two major factors fueling market growth are emerging artificial intelligence technologies and growth in big data espousal. Rising prominence of artificial intelligence is enabling new players to venture into the market  Continue Reading Artificial intelligence (AI) is considered to be a revolutionary technological development and its integration across a host of applications is one of the key factors driving this market. Advances in image and voice recognition are driving the growth of the regional market. Improved image recognition technology is critical in enhanced drones, self-driving cars, and robotics. The two major factors fueling market growth are emerging artificial intelligence technologies and growth in big data espousal. Rising prominence of artificial intelligence is enabling new players to venture into the market by offering niche application-specific solutions. Furthermore, companies are engaging in industry consolidations in a bid to gain competitive advantages. For instance, in January 2017, Microsoft Corporation acquired Maluuba in order to advance in the deep learning and AI landscape. Existing solution providers are innovating their product portfolio to include both hardware and software solutions. North America held the dominant share in the global AI market in 2018 thanks to the availability of high government funding, presence of leading players, and strong technical base. Asia Pacific, however, is anticipated to overtake North America to emerge as the leading regional market by 2025, registering the highest CAGR. This can be attributed to rapid improvements in information storage capacity, high computing power, and parallel processing, all of which have contributed to the swift uptake of artificial intelligence technology in end-use industries such as automotive and healthcare.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-03-31	Yates-Buckley	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	We don't have a definition of intelligence that isn't circular. When we read this word what we usually mean is: "ability to solve problems in a way that a human would judge to be good". But this opens up a vagueness to what intelligence means that makes it less than useful. If we look at a formal system like a game of chess we can unambiguously say that intelligence in a player is that which allows them to win or survive the game. But the world we live in is complex and the game of chess might just be a distraction from the real problem you should be solving in that moment. So an AI might be wi Continue ReadingWe don't have a definition of intelligence that isn't circular. When we read this word what we usually mean is: "ability to solve problems in a way that a human would judge to be good". But this opens up a vagueness to what intelligence means that makes it less than useful. If we look at a formal system like a game of chess we can unambiguously say that intelligence in a player is that which allows them to win or survive the game. But the world we live in is complex and the game of chess might just be a distraction from the real problem you should be solving in that moment. So an AI might be winning the game but not realise that their opponent is holding a hammer above their CPU threatening to destroy it if it wins. At its core AI is about trying to understand who we are, what we are by engineering it. The dreams that lead this field forward are the dreams of godlike powers: When we really understand I and AI we expect to be able to engineer humanlike intelligence.We can replicate in a space that has none of the limits we are used to. If we can exist as information it would be a bit like becoming part of language itself.We can create new intelligences that are completely different from ours but may solve problems we can't even see because of time scale, or biological bias.We can guarantee our cultural survival on a universal scale. A 3D printer and the right codes shipped off to distant planets like a sort of galactic virus spreading intelligence across the universe.The strange paradox is to decide whether we need AI or not one has to decide whether humans should be like gods or not. At the moment I think we are as gods. We could either go back to being human, everyday animals or  we have to get good at being gods or we risk our survival. WE ARE AS GODS AND HAVE TO GET GOOD AT IT
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-07-23	Aniko-Hoover	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the arrogant design and technologies of man desiring to make things in his own image. Like intelligence itself there is the presumption that bringing order to things is somehow better than bringing disorder particularly when such things provide the sorts of distraction from eminent disorder and other pleasures. Man, created by the small increases in entropy at night, when the sun goes down and ice freezes become boyant and more orderly. If intelligence, and even life itself,  is a hiccup on the road to equilibrium, then artificial inteligence is merely the echo of th Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is the arrogant design and technologies of man desiring to make things in his own image. Like intelligence itself there is the presumption that bringing order to things is somehow better than bringing disorder particularly when such things provide the sorts of distraction from eminent disorder and other pleasures. Man, created by the small increases in entropy at night, when the sun goes down and ice freezes become boyant and more orderly. If intelligence, and even life itself,  is a hiccup on the road to equilibrium, then artificial inteligence is merely the echo of the hiccup as man grasps out in his wild attempts at creating something better or more permanent than himself in the impermanent world. There can be no doubt as but that intelligence "evolved" simply as a result of the second law of thermodynamics. Entropy law linked to intelligence, say researchers - BBC News I suppose increases in order are often taken to be signs of intelligence and things that bring order to things are said to be intelligent or of intelligent design. Even today, we liken someone who is falling apart as someone or something losing intelligence. If in the beginning it was merely water turning into ice each night when the sun goes  down...  these small decreases in entropy have led to evolution and life  itself--  but we are encoded with the law itself--the second law of thermodynamics-- we rise up, we live, we grow strong,  we build a life, we believe we are getting better and getting organized and we rarely exit the rat race long enough to realize that the truth is, well, in the end, we fall apart, and die. And  everything we do is a tragic misguided effort to find peace, equilibrium.  Everything we do might appear to be chasing after pleasures, temporary ideas, games, sex, making money, lording ourselves over others, winning! Our pursuits might appear to be worthy causes. But these are all temporary and tragic efforts to  find permanence in a temporary world. In the end, there really is no difference between the carbon based toy soldiers and the silicon soldiers we created to replace ourselves. As we fence ourselves in with the internet- like frogs in the pot who forget to jump out before they are boiled to death, gazing at the great distraction, we might miss the time when distributed systems make a distributed multi-headed hydra that can only be slain by turning off every  last tentacle. In our efforts to keep our credit score above 666, we might miss when the internet began to imagine- and make things in it's own image. Art. Artificial. Artificial intelligence. The new order. But in the end, we shall see, that Art itself is simply- war with God.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2013-12-08	Akshay-S-Dinesh	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	To define artificial intelligence, you need to define what is "artificial" and what is "intelligence".  I guess the former part is easy. Artificial is something that human beings created instead of nature. Something that wasn't born out of sexual reproduction. Something that arises from seemingly non-living things.(Of course you can keep on asking what "living" means and so on) Intelligence is tougher to define. In fact, it is so tough to define that sometimes we work around the definition.  Such a work around is the Turing test, which determines what is intelligent and what is not. Turing test  Continue ReadingTo define artificial intelligence, you need to define what is "artificial" and what is "intelligence".  I guess the former part is easy. Artificial is something that human beings created instead of nature. Something that wasn't born out of sexual reproduction. Something that arises from seemingly non-living things.(Of course you can keep on asking what "living" means and so on) Intelligence is tougher to define. In fact, it is so tough to define that sometimes we work around the definition.  Such a work around is the Turing test, which determines what is intelligent and what is not. Turing test is an experiment in which someone (a person or a computer) is chatting to you over a computer terminal. It is up to you to decide if that is a computer with which you're talking, or a human. If you think that it is a human you were talking to by asking it all kinds of questions that a computer would find tough to answer, and you turn out to be wrong - if it was a computer you were talking to - then, you could consider that computer to be "intelligent". But tests like these have a problem, the computers could be designed to fake only that particular test. And we will have a problem with that. We know what intelligence is, because we are intelligent. We know that intelligent beings can respond to whatever test  is thrown at it, without it being designed to specifically deal with that particular test. Intelligence can evolve on its own. It can sense, learn, and respond to new stimulus. It can think on its own. A programmer doesn't have to think about all the possible events in the future and write code to address all those. A true AI can work with minimal code. (I predict it to be less than a megabyte in size). Or probably, the AI that we develop will not have code at all. It will probably be totally hardware. Like our brain.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-09-25	Nick-Panagiotopoulos	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Currently, humans cannot answer the question. Humans are unable to give a rigor, precise, and sound definition of the term “Artificial Intelligence”. All the existed definitions, are circulatory, with high level of abstraction and lack of rigorousness providing the ground for everyone to have any kind of understanding without a consensus in the comprehension. In other words, the definition is understood differently depending on the person. Some people think that identifying faces in video is intelligent, other people think that it is not. Voice recognition can be seen as intelligent to some, a Continue ReadingCurrently, humans cannot answer the question. Humans are unable to give a rigor, precise, and sound definition of the term “Artificial Intelligence”. All the existed definitions, are circulatory, with high level of abstraction and lack of rigorousness providing the ground for everyone to have any kind of understanding without a consensus in the comprehension. In other words, the definition is understood differently depending on the person. Some people think that identifying faces in video is intelligent, other people think that it is not. Voice recognition can be seen as intelligent to some, and just an automated process to others. Monkeys recognize faces and objects, they also recognize voices from the jungle, and jump from one tree to the other doing very complicated calculations; but monkeys are not intelligent. The problem with “Artificial Intelligence” in general, is the lack of precise, rigor, and sound definition of the word “Intelligence”. And since, scientists and engineers are focused for building AI, then having no proper definition is an engineering obstacle due to the fact that no engineering requirements and/or specifications can be generated. No requirements means no design and no test verification & validation plans and procedures, hence no product. So, for the question “What is AI?” the answer is “we do not know, yet.” What engineers are trying to do is to build machines or software programs that mimic human behaviour (not intelligence). Whoever claims that some machine or program has AI, then ask about its IQ and to show you the proof (including verification and validation tests). AI is a very beautiful scientific endeavour; and humanity is still in the stone age regarding this field of science (and not only; philosophy is also part of it).
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-06-03	SemiDot-Infotech	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is one of the most talked technologies these days. No business is left untouched from this advanced technology. From automated cars to conversational chatbots, AI has made our lives a lot simpler and automated. The usage and implementation of AI is being explored in almost all industry verticals, in simpler words, AI is everywhere and ruling the technological world, and with this, there is tremendous growth in the demand for AI development companies.  What is Artificial Intelligence? Artificial Intelligence refers to the intelligence of machines in contrast to intelligence Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is one of the most talked technologies these days. No business is left untouched from this advanced technology. From automated cars to conversational chatbots, AI has made our lives a lot simpler and automated. The usage and implementation of AI is being explored in almost all industry verticals, in simpler words, AI is everywhere and ruling the technological world, and with this, there is tremendous growth in the demand for AI development companies.  What is Artificial Intelligence? Artificial Intelligence refers to the intelligence of machines in contrast to intelligence shown by humans. It is the branch of computer science wherein, machines are made to mimic humans. Machines can make their own decisions and can come up with certain solutions of their own. Using this technology an AI developer can transform machines that are capable of doing most of the tasks that require human intelligence. For example, chatbots. Chatbots are highly popular among e-commerce businesses. They are used to answer questions and queries of the customers in the absence of humans. Chatbot solutions are developed using advanced technologies like Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. They can be available for the users all the time, even after business working hours. Types of Artificial Intelligence Based on the amount of work and intelligence, AI solutions can be broadly classified into two categories: Narrow Artificial IntelligenceNarrow Artificial Intelligence, also known as Weak AI, is generally used to do the same kind of tasks. They are not as advanced as AGIs, but can perform simple tasks which a basic human intelligence can do. Artificial General IntelligenceArtificial General Intelligence, also known as Strong AI, is much advanced than Narrow AI. These are the solutions which we see in movies like robots doing all their all kinds of stuff by themselves, etc. These solutions are highly advanced and AI developers have developed them to do almost every task which can be done using human intelligence. Artificial Intelligence has changed the way a business works. It is not only capable of increasing productivity and speeding up the operations, but also, can help in generating higher revenue.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-01-21	Armen-Margaryan	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence or AI is intelligence displayed by machines that can be incorporated in a physical machine, such as a robot, or in virtual machine, such as a program. Interest in AI boomed in the first decade of the 21st century and is beginning to reshape our world. AI-powered tools now help scale the efforts of sales teams by gathering useful patterns from data, finding successful courses of action, and addressing customer needs.  Despite some researchers’ consideration that AI is a threat to humanity, a large number of people believe that AI may positively change the picture of the wor Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence or AI is intelligence displayed by machines that can be incorporated in a physical machine, such as a robot, or in virtual machine, such as a program. Interest in AI boomed in the first decade of the 21st century and is beginning to reshape our world. AI-powered tools now help scale the efforts of sales teams by gathering useful patterns from data, finding successful courses of action, and addressing customer needs.  Despite some researchers’ consideration that AI is a threat to humanity, a large number of people believe that AI may positively change the picture of the world and ease our life routine. Turing test is one of the influential and widely criticized tests that checks a machine’s intelligence. The concept of the test is to ask two participants a series of questions, trying to determine which one is the human and which one is the machine. If, by the end of the test, it’s still unclear who is who, then the computer passed the test and was able to imitate human behavior long enough to convince an unbiased third party that it’s human. Why do we need Artificial Intelligence? The general benefit of artificial intelligence is that it replicates decisions and actions of humans without human shortcomings, such as fatigue, emotion and limited time. AI can also free people from repetitive tasks that can be easily done by machines. There are several examples and applications of artificial intelligence in use today: voice-controlled individual partners, robots, behavioral calculations, suggestive searches, autonomously-powered self-driving vehicles, virtual assistants, etc. Time will tell whether artificial intelligence will leave a positive impact or lead to the destruction of humanity. At Margasoft, we can help you connect artificial intelligence with your day-to-day activities and maximize your business growth by minimizing labor and infrastructure cost. We can either build stand-alone solution or embed it within other systems. I hope my answer was helpful.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-11-26	Shourya-Mehra-8	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Introduction Artificial intelligence is a field of computer science. To aim computers or robots think, work, react and mimic like human beings. some of the part where artificial Intelligence used: Speech recognition.Health carePersonalize searchRobotics etc.What is Artificial Intelligence Exactly? AI (Artificial Intelligence) is made to make humans life easier and faster. Today we rely on AI technology most of the time but we didn’t know we are using it as our day to day life’s part. Examples Googles speech recognitionGoogles text to speechAmazon personalize product searchingGoogle assistantSelf-driContinue ReadingIntroduction Artificial intelligence is a field of computer science. To aim computers or robots think, work, react and mimic like human beings. some of the part where artificial Intelligence used: Speech recognition.Health carePersonalize searchRobotics etc.What is Artificial Intelligence Exactly? AI (Artificial Intelligence) is made to make humans life easier and faster. Today we rely on AI technology most of the time but we didn’t know we are using it as our day to day life’s part. Examples Googles speech recognitionGoogles text to speechAmazon personalize product searchingGoogle assistantSelf-driving carsGoogle page searching algorithmVideo games (Bot characters)SmartphoneNavigation and travelBanking and financeAmazons AlexaSecurity and surveillance … So on and so forth.It has its subpart call machine learning and a neural network that you will see in my next blog. If you read more detail about Artificial Intelligence than visit this site WikipediaHow does AI come in the market? In the 1940s a programmable digital computer was made that can do mathematical reasoning. This idea leads a few scientists to discuss a serious plan of making an electronic brain. The field AI born in the summer of 1956 in the workshop held on the campus of Dartmouth College. The people who arranged and be a part of that workshop would become leaders of AI for decades. The purpose of that group was to make a machine intelligence that no one can beat. After that government-funded money to them to do research on this field. But after some issues government stopped funding money to them in 1973, those hard days of AI known as “AI winter”. All the research and study on ai would likely be stopped. After seven difficult years, the Japanese government-funded 1 billion USD. After that government needs hardware machines and they also start funding money in research. Why we need Artificial Intelligence? Human intelligence is capable of doing at a certain level. But machines can go beyond and helps humans a lot. In to days word we use AI as a part of us like smartphones. Today’s Artificial Intelligence known as narrow Artificial Intelligence or weak Artificial Intelligence designed to do narrow tasks. AI outperform humans in our games. OpenAI Dota 2 On August 5, a team of AI bots beats professional human players in two consecutive games of Dota 2. The challenger name openAI five developed by openAI team. openAI is a non-profit and non-sponsored company of Elon Musk. Dota 2 is a multiplayer arena strategic game. Google Alpha Go Using machine learning and deep learning and AI. which makes a machine to mimic like humans, think like humans and exactly behaves like humans. a technology calls neural network which name comes after brain cells neural networks. it works exactly like human brains. even it can learn from the past and predict quite accurate possibilities related to winning or losing. this is google’s alpha go. which win against the best player game called GO game. we humans are making and learning possible moves of this game for thousands of years. but by training alpha go for just one week. it beat the world’s best player in GO game. which means ai and machine learning is going to overtake humans. it can learn everything that we humans achieve till these days in just 4 months of training. Is AI can dangerous to humans? Most researchers and even Elon Musk accepted that superintelligence may take over humans. It can be malfunction for humans to take them over again. AI can be programmed to do something bizarre If AI goes in wrong hand it can be harmful to humans like it can make an autonomous weapon that programmed to kill.It can be extremely difficult to take over.AI can be programmed to do something beneficial for us that we cant do. A tesla’s self-driving car program is successfully completed its 1.2 billion miles on autopilot. This helps humans to drive a car without drivers.Better road safety while driving a car. Using lane detection, object detection and drivers face detection to prevent a driver from drowsiness and some horrible incidents.If a super-intelligent trained to do geoengineering project then that should save our earth from global warming and pollution.AI is going to make an impact on medical science by using AI in health care. Cure of cancer that we humans won’t do in many years and waste tons of money. AI can make a prediction, trained and learn from past experiences as we humans do.Can AI take jobs? Yes, AI is job taking but at the same time, it can generate lots of jobs as AI is used more and more. It saves a lot of time, energy and resources that we can use in some another way to enhance our humanity. Some of the jobs that AI may take over in the future. Data scientists have to predict and perform tasks on certain data. We humans aren’t good with numbers as compare to AI.AI is really discriminative in terms of bacteria and viruses. So the job of lab may be no further for humans.Using a self-driving car job of drivers may lose in the future.Using robot servants’ job of the servant may lose in the future.Like factory workers, because humans cant works 24 hrs. As we need sleep, food, and money. Robo is just a one-time investment. Lawyers can do 100 associates or paralegals in just one day.Accountants are just counted of numbers that machines do good far better as compared to humans.Service crew at McDonald’s because its cheaper and they don’t need training and salary.Video editing is a field that takes a lot of works. Just fed the whole video to AI and it comes up with best editing and trailer. A lot of editing tools use AI but a narrow AI.Space researches and Space missions.Songwriting below is the best example of that check out these videos. Translator and language teacher as AI can learn all language and distinguish exact diff. between one and another language. Repairing, farming, electricians, plumbing, crafting, laboring any many more job that doesn’t require college degrees. Conclusion, AI can be world-changing at the same time consequences are there to become something bizarre that leads us to rethink all this. Many experts think it is job taking and risky for human existence. While some of the experts think that if we use AI as a good tool. then it is better for our long existence. It helps to eliminate certain works that humans aren’t capable. “AI can be a creator or can be a destroyer of the world.”
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-16	Upasana-Bharti-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  Artificial Intelligence are the software program that mimic the way humans learn and solve complex problems. These systems are different from other applications which mainly process transactions are takes decision which are explicitly programmed.   Artificial intelligence is significant because AI will have tremendous potential for vertical applications across industries. AI will contribute to the rapid growth of the healthcare industry. AI will replace static monitors with UI/UX interface mobile phone cerips will feature built on AI computing core.  The success of AI will de Continue ReadingARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  Artificial Intelligence are the software program that mimic the way humans learn and solve complex problems. These systems are different from other applications which mainly process transactions are takes decision which are explicitly programmed.   Artificial intelligence is significant because AI will have tremendous potential for vertical applications across industries. AI will contribute to the rapid growth of the healthcare industry. AI will replace static monitors with UI/UX interface mobile phone cerips will feature built on AI computing core.  The success of AI will depend on the successful integration of hardware and software AI autonomous hearing will be the ultimate goal. Powerful architecture that combines CPU and GPU AR will emerge as AI's eyes in a complementary and indispensable manner.  Future of AI in India:  With the adoption of mobile cloud social media technology large amount of data has been collected and AI system need large amount of data for learning and adoption. This may be one reason why they did not take off easily with the prime minister push for digital India and make in India, significant investment have gone to build eco system on which application can be developed.  Artificial Intelligence researchers put up a work’s mind in a lego body and is reacted to its environment without any programming by only mapping the neurons. At the rate at which AI is being adopted in various area of our lives, it is predicated that it will replace 16% of our jobs over the next decade.  Infact, Facebook is developing an artificial Intelligence design to understand user emotions, identify object in photos and predict user actions.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-07-06	Akshay-Aggarwal-31	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a state of machine when it can take decisions just like a human. According to Alan Turing when it is not possible to distinguish between a machine and human based on their responses, then that machine is said to have achieved Artificial Intelligence. In today's modern world a machine fully capable to take decisions just like human brain even in the most complex and difficult environment can be said to have achieved Artificial Intelligence. It is not necessary for the machine to have arms and shape of a human. A simple computer box can also be artificially intelligent.  Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is a state of machine when it can take decisions just like a human. According to Alan Turing when it is not possible to distinguish between a machine and human based on their responses, then that machine is said to have achieved Artificial Intelligence. In today's modern world a machine fully capable to take decisions just like human brain even in the most complex and difficult environment can be said to have achieved Artificial Intelligence. It is not necessary for the machine to have arms and shape of a human. A simple computer box can also be artificially intelligent. Today tiny fragments of AI are all around us. Siri is AI, Alexa is AI, automatic turning off of the light based in number of people inside the room is AI. But the full and final state of AI would be reached when the human mind can be implemented or emulated completely. That emulated human mind computer would behave exactly like human and may be even more efficient. It would provide exactly same responses. The biggest challenge to AI is that developments are taking place in individual fields. Biological department has capacity to understand biological implementation. Physics people have capability to understand the quantum phenomenon happening inside the brain. Computer science people have the capability to implement these complex ideas into software. Similarly chemical engineering people have capacity to understand the hormonal behaviour affecting and supporting brain. Psychologists have capability to study human behaviour and provide in depth database to train our computer implementation. VLSI people have capability to implement complex biological structure into state of electronics.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-02-18	Yeshwanth-Venkatesha	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Let's say you want a computer program to play checkers(any game for that matter) against you. So now you create all the Io infrastructure you define the allowed moves. That is quite mechanical. No intelligence involved. At least not yet. Now you need to define the logic by which it chooses the next move. For a start you can say just randomly choose a move out of all the moves available at an instant. Pretty dumb isn't it? It is like going to a shop and asking she shop keeper to pick some item for you. So no intelligence. At least not yet. If you play against this program as is it is very likely  Continue ReadingLet's say you want a computer program to play checkers(any game for that matter) against you. So now you create all the Io infrastructure you define the allowed moves. That is quite mechanical. No intelligence involved. At least not yet. Now you need to define the logic by which it chooses the next move. For a start you can say just randomly choose a move out of all the moves available at an instant. Pretty dumb isn't it? It is like going to a shop and asking she shop keeper to pick some item for you. So no intelligence. At least not yet. If you play against this program as is it is very likely that you are are going to win unless you take even more dumber decisions than blindly choosing one from the available moves. Now I give you a brand new program and you start playing against it. First game you win. Next game again you win. Next few more games you win. But one fine game you lose. You think wow computer got lucky. Oh come on I know it is dumb So you play again . And you lose. Again. Let me try one more. But you lose again. Then you go back learn a few more strategies. You play again. This time the computer loses. You use the same bunch of strategies and win a couple of more games. But then again you start losing. Now you start wondering how did it magically learn to play well. That is what we call artificial intelligence. How did this happen? That is for your homework :p Thanks for reading. Hope it helps. References: Arthur Samuel - Wikipedia and some ted talk which I vaguely remember.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2014-09-03	Craig-Weinberg	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI) is sometimes distinguished from Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) because the term intelligence is used so often in marketing and design of technology. Anything programmable can arguably be referred to as 'intelligent', since, for example, a thermostat which you have to manually adjust is 'dumb' compared to one which can store a week's worth of times and temperatures. A credit card with an embedded chip that stores data and runs applications is a 'smart card' in comparison to a card that lacks any chip.  The original intent of AI is to refer to a manufactured de Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence (AI) is sometimes distinguished from Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) because the term intelligence is used so often in marketing and design of technology. Anything programmable can arguably be referred to as 'intelligent', since, for example, a thermostat which you have to manually adjust is 'dumb' compared to one which can store a week's worth of times and temperatures. A credit card with an embedded chip that stores data and runs applications is a 'smart card' in comparison to a card that lacks any chip.  The original intent of AI is to refer to a manufactured device which performs mental tasks as well as or better than a human being. It is unclear to me whether AGI refers to this Weak AI concept or to Strong AI (coined by John Searle in his Chinese Room Argument) which would go beyond merely simulating the skills of a human being, but would actually have a human-like understanding of what it is doing. Also called Computational Theory of Mind or Computationalism, Strong AI is a philosophical rather than scientific position, since it is debatable whether such an additional quality of awareness is testable. Some debate whether a quality of subjective understanding even exists as an additional phenomenon and believe that all of our human psychological experiences can be accounted for entirely, or will be accounted for eventually by a complete knowledge of computation, information, and/or physics. The "Turing Test" is a popular notion derived from Alan Turing's 1950 Computing Machinery and Intelligence paper.  In the paper, Turing talks about an Imitation Game in which a human judge is pitted against a computer and a human to see whether they can tell them apart using only text conversation through a terminal. Unfortunately, in 60+ years, we still have not progressed much beyond this initial quick-and-dirty idea for evaluating human consciousness vs machine behavior, and there is a lot of play in judging. In a recent article that made the rounds, for example, a computer program which was promoted as having 'Passed the Turing Test' led judges to believe that they were talking to a child for whom English was a second language. Strong and Weak AI run parallel, in some respects to the concepts of Strong and Weak Emergence, in which the difference between Weak and Strong AI is thought to arise in a way that is unexplainable from the lower (Weak) phenomenon, or if it can be explained conventionally. This gets deeper into the philosophical arguments such as David Chalmers work on Easy and Hard Problems of Consciousness, Panpsychism, philosophical Zombies, Frank Jackson's  Knowledge Argument (Mary's Room), Thomas Nagel's What Is it Like to Be a Bat?. All of these, and others are attempts to drill down on the difference between objectively derived phenomena and subjectively derived phenomena, a difference which may literally not be possible for everyone to relate to. Alfred Korzybski's Map–territory relation can help make the distinction between abstract information and concrete realities, but under computationalism, the human brain is seen purely as a biochemical computer, so that even our concrete realities would be expected to be composed purely of information. In my mind, this clearly begs the question of computationalism, and the fact that we can even question that there is a difference between information and qualia, when we have no problem recognizing information as abstract should be at least a yellow flag.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-06-17	Megha-Arora-313	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	At the point when human knowledge is repeated by machines like PCs then that is called as Artificial Intelligence and is spoken to as AI. It includes and incorporates securing information and the laws to get it, the rationale to utilizes the principles and self corrections. This is a part of software engineering which lays accentuation on the progression in machines to think and work like people creatures. A portion of the egs could be to identify discourse, to design, to take care of issues or to learn. Immense measure of information are pooled and by handling scholarly calculations the produc Continue ReadingAt the point when human knowledge is repeated by machines like PCs then that is called as Artificial Intelligence and is spoken to as AI. It includes and incorporates securing information and the laws to get it, the rationale to utilizes the principles and self corrections. This is a part of software engineering which lays accentuation on the progression in machines to think and work like people creatures. A portion of the egs could be to identify discourse, to design, to take care of issues or to learn. Immense measure of information are pooled and by handling scholarly calculations the product is made to become familiar with the example and quality in the information and it is strived to make common human like communication with machines. Computer based intelligence causes it feasible for machines to gain as a matter of fact and perform human like errands. Games to play chess, vehicles that drive without anyone else are every one of the an aftereffect of Artificial knowledge. Man-made consciousness fundamentally prepares hardware to complete tasks done by the individuals. Simulated intelligence resembles PCs or machines which are given human like properties. You can pose inquiries and get adept answers as well!! One must not misjudge Artificial Intelligence to be AI that prepares a machine how to learn. Truth be told Machine learning is a specific sub order of Artificial Intelligence and AI is in actuality an idea dependent on Machine learning. AI searches for boards and information and makes inferences like the people would. You can prepare the machines by giving models and the machine would gain from those models.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-12-11	Yaseen-Khan-502	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	In computer science, artificial intelligence (AI), sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals.[1] Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is often used to describe machines (or computers) that mimic "cognitive" functions that humans associate with the human mind, such as "learning" and "problem Continue ReadingIn computer science, artificial intelligence (AI), sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals.[1] Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is often used to describe machines (or computers) that mimic "cognitive" functions that humans associate with the human mind, such as "learning" and "problem solving".[2] As machines become increasingly capable, tasks considered to require "intelligence" are often removed from the definition of AI, a phenomenon known as the AI effect.[3] A quip in Tesler's Theorem says "AI is whatever hasn't been done yet."[4] For instance, optical character recognition is frequently excluded from things considered to be AI, having become a routine technology.[5] Modern machine capabilities generally classified as AI include successfully understanding human speech,[6] competing at the highest level in strategic game systems (such as chess and Go),[7] autonomously operating cars, intelligent routing in content delivery networks, and military simulations. Artificial intelligence company in dubai was founded as an academic discipline in 1956, and in the years since has experienced several waves of optimism,[8][9] followed by disappointment and the loss of funding (known as an "AI winter"),[10][11] followed by new approaches, success and renewed funding.[9][12] For most of its history, AI research has been divided into subfields that often fail to communicate with each other.[13] These sub-fields are based on technical considerations, such as particular goals (e.g. "robotics" or "machine learning"),[14] the use of particular tools ("logic" or artificial neural networks), or deep philosophical differences.[15][16][17] Subfields have also been based on social factors (particular institutions or the work of particular researchers).[13] The traditional problems (or goals) of AI research include reasoning, knowledge representation, planning, learning, natural language processing, perception and the ability to move and manipulate objects.[14] General intelligence is among the field's long-term goals.[18] Approaches include statistical methods, computational intelligence, and traditional symbolic AI. Many tools are used in AI, including versions of search and mathematical optimization, artificial neural networks, and methods based on statistics, probability and economics. The AI field draws upon computer science, information engineering, mathematics, psychology, linguistics, philosophy, and many other fields. The field was founded on the assumption that human intelligence "can be so precisely described that a machine can be made to simulate it".[19] This raises philosophical arguments about the nature of the mind and the ethics of creating artificial beings endowed with human-like intelligence. These issues have been explored by myth, fiction and philosophy since antiquity.[20] Some people also consider AI to be a danger to humanity if it progresses unabated.[21] Others believe that AI, unlike previous technological revolutions, will create a risk of mass unemployment.[22] In the twenty-first century, AI techniques have experienced a resurgence following concurrent advances in computer power, large amounts of data, and theoretical understanding; and AI techniques have become an essential part of the technology industry, helping to solve many challenging problems in computer science, software engineering and operations research.[23][12]
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-01-08	Monika-Kapoor-41	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. These processes include learning (the acquisition of information and rules for using the information), reasoning (using the rules to reach approximate or definite conclusions), and self-correction. Particular applications of AI include expert systems, speech recognition and machine vision.  With AI, companies are able to make sense of unstructured data, improve data center efficiency or meet the needs of customers who demand nothing less than smart apps and personalized interaction Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. These processes include learning (the acquisition of information and rules for using the information), reasoning (using the rules to reach approximate or definite conclusions), and self-correction. Particular applications of AI include expert systems, speech recognition and machine vision.  With AI, companies are able to make sense of unstructured data, improve data center efficiency or meet the needs of customers who demand nothing less than smart apps and personalized interactions. Examples of AI technology Automation is the process of making a system or process function automatically. Robotic process automation, for example, can be programmed to perform high-volume, repeatable tasks normally performed by humans. RPA is different from IT automation in that it can adapt to changing circumstances.Machine learning is the science of getting a computer to act without programming. Deep learning is a subset of machine learning that, in very simple terms, can be thought of as the automation of predictive analytics. There are three types of machine learning algorithms: supervised learning, in which data sets are labeled so that patterns can be detected and used to label new data sets; unsupervised learning, in which data sets aren't labeled and are sorted according to similarities or differences; and reinforcement learning, in which data sets aren't labeled but, after performing an action or several actions, the AI system is given feedback.Machine vision is the science of making computers see. Machine vision captures and analyzes visual information using a camera, analog-to-digital conversion and digital signal processing. It is often compared to human eyesight, but machine vision isn't bound by biology and can be programmed to see through walls, for example. It is used in a range of applications from signature identification to medical image analysis. Computer vision, which is focused on machine-based image processing, is often conflated with machine vision.Natural language processing (NLP) is the processing of human -- and not computer -- language by a computer program. One of the older and best known examples of NLP is spam detection, which looks at the subject line and the text of an email and decides if it's junk. Current approaches to NLP are based on machine learning. NLP tasks include text translation, sentiment analysis and speech recognition.Pattern recognition is a branch of machine learning that focuses on identifying patterns in data. The term, today, is dated.Robotics is a field of engineering focused on the design and manufacturing of robots. Robots are often used to perform tasks that are difficult for humans to perform or perform consistently. They are used in assembly lines for car production or by NASA to move large objects in space. More recently, researchers are using machine learning to build robots that can interact in social settings.AI applications AI in healthcare. The biggest bets are on improving patient outcomes and reducing costs. Companies are applying machine learning to make better and faster diagnoses than humans. One of the best known healthcare technologies is IBM Watson. It understands natural language and is capable of responding to questions asked of it. The system mines patient data and other available data sources to form a hypothesis, which it then presents with a confidence scoring schema. Other AI applications include chatbots, a computer program used online to answer questions and assist customers, to help schedule follow-up appointments or aiding patients through the billing process, and virtual health assistants that provide basic medical feedback.AI in business. Robotic process automation is being applied to highly repetitive tasks normally performed by humans. Machine learning algorithms are being integrated into analytics and CRM platforms to uncover information on how to better serve customers. Chatbots have been incorporated into websites to provide immediate service to customers. Automation of job positions has also become a talking point among academics and IT consultancies such as Gartner and Forrester.AI in education. AI can automate grading, giving educators more time. AI can assess students and adapt to their needs, helping them work at their own pace. AI tutors can provide additional support to students, ensuring they stay on track. AI could change where and how students learn, perhaps even replacing some teachers.AI in finance. AI applied to personal finance applications, such as Mint or Turbo Tax, is upending financial institutions. Applications such as these could collect personal data and provide financial advice. Other programs, IBM Watson being one, have been applied to the process of buying a home. Today, software performs much of the trading on Wall Street.AI in law. The discovery process, sifting through of documents, in law is often overwhelming for humans. Automating this process is a better use of time and a more efficient process. Startups are also building question-and-answer computer assistants that can sift programmed-to-answer questions by examining the taxonomy and ontology associated with a database.AI in mobile. Mobile apps continue to be a prime focus for the enterprise, there is an increasing interest in artificial intelligence technologies. Gartner predicts that intelligent apps will be one of the top ten strategic trends for 2017. When an app claims to be powered by “artificial intelligence” it feels like you’re in the future. It wasn’t long ago when both Google and Microsoft added neural networks to their translation apps. Spotify is challenging Apple Music app claiming to use AI-powered recommendations. Period & Ovulation Tracker Flo uses a neural network to outperform the competitors while predicting women’s cycles and ovulation dates. One more breakthrough example of applying AI in mobile apps, called Prisma, uses this complex technology that has been around for quite a while to help users turn their photos and videos into art. For these apps, AI became a reality thanks to recent technological advancements in natural language processing, machine learning, predictive modeling, sensors, and cloud solutions. Read to know more about AI in mobile.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-04	Zulaikha-Geer	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The term Artificial Intelligence was first coined decades ago in the year 1956 by John McCarthy at the Dartmouth conference. He defined AI as: “The science and engineering of making intelligent machines.” In other words, Artificial Intelligence is the science of getting machines to think and make decisions like humans. In the recent past, AI has been able to accomplish this by creating machines and robots that have been used in a wide range of fields including healthcare, robotics, marketing, business analytics and many more. Now let’s discuss the different stages of Artificial Intelligence. Types  Continue ReadingThe term Artificial Intelligence was first coined decades ago in the year 1956 by John McCarthy at the Dartmouth conference. He defined AI as: “The science and engineering of making intelligent machines.” In other words, Artificial Intelligence is the science of getting machines to think and make decisions like humans. In the recent past, AI has been able to accomplish this by creating machines and robots that have been used in a wide range of fields including healthcare, robotics, marketing, business analytics and many more. Now let’s discuss the different stages of Artificial Intelligence. Types Of Artificial Intelligence AI is structured along three evolutionary stages: Artificial Narrow IntelligenceArtificial General IntelligenceArtificial Super Intelligence Artificial Narrow Intelligence Commonly known as weak AI, Artificial Narrow Intelligence involves applying AI only to specific tasks. The existing AI-based systems that claim to use “artificial intelligence” are actually operating as a weak AI. Alexa is a good example of narrow intelligence. It operates within a limited predefined range of functions. Alexa has no genuine intelligence or self-awareness. Google search engine, Sophia, self-driving cars and even the famous AlphaGo, fall under the category of weak AI. Artificial General Intelligence Commonly known as strong AI, Artificial General Intelligence involves machines that possess the ability to perform any intellectual task that a human being can. You see, machines don’t possess human-like abilities, they have a strong processing unit that can perform high-level computations but they’re not yet capable of thinking and reasoning like a human. There are many experts who doubt that AGI will ever be possible, and there are also many who question whether it would be desirable. Stephen Hawking, for example, warned: “Strong AI would take off on its own, and re-design itself at an ever-increasing rate. Humans, who are limited by slow biological evolution, couldn’t compete and would be superseded.” Artificial Super Intelligence Artificial Super Intelligence is a term referring to the time when the capability of computers will surpass humans. ASI is presently seen as a hypothetical situation as depicted in movies and science fiction books, where machines have taken over the world. However, tech masterminds like Elon Musk believe that ASI will take over the world by 2040! What do you think about Artificial Super Intelligence? Let me know your thoughts in the comment section. Before I go any further, let me clear a very common misconception. I’ve been asked these question by every beginner: What is the difference between AI and Machine Learning and Deep Learning? Is AI the same as ML? Let’s break it down: AI vs ML vs DL (Artificial Intelligence vs Machine Learning vs Deep Learning) People tend to think that Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning are the same since they have common applications. For example, Siri is an application of AI, Machine learning and Deep learning. So how are these technologies related? Artificial Intelligence is the science of getting machines to mimic the behavior of humans.Machine learning is a subset of Artificial Intelligence (AI) that focuses on getting machines to make decisions by feeding them data.Deep learning is a subset of Machine Learning that uses the concept of neural networks to solve complex problems.To sum it up AI, Machine Learning and Deep Learning are interconnected fields. Machine Learning and Deep learning aids Artificial Intelligence by providing a set of algorithms and neural networks to solve data-driven problems. However, Artificial Intelligence is not restricted to only Machine learning and Deep learning. It covers a vast domain of fields including, Natural Language Processing (NLP), object detection, computer vision, robotics, expert systems and so on. Here’s a full course video on Artificial Intelligence that covers all the concepts and fields of AI.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-27	Vinita-Sinha-31	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the technology that has the ability of a computer program or a machine to think and learn. It is also a field of study which tries to make computers "smart". It is the simulation of human intelligence processes by computer systems. These processes include learning, reasoning, and self-correction. If you are more into reading blogs, then here is an awesome tutorial that will help you in learning AI from scratch:https://intellipaat.com/tutorial/artificial-intelligence-tutorial/ Thinking how AI make computers intelligent? Computers are good at following processes (a sequen Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is the technology that has the ability of a computer program or a machine to think and learn. It is also a field of study which tries to make computers "smart". It is the simulation of human intelligence processes by computer systems. These processes include learning, reasoning, and self-correction. If you are more into reading blogs, then here is an awesome tutorial that will help you in learning AI from scratch:https://intellipaat.com/tutorial/artificial-intelligence-tutorial/ Thinking how AI make computers intelligent? Computers are good at following processes (a sequence of steps) to execute a task. If we give the computer some steps(known as an algorithm in computing systems) to execute a task, the computer will easily be able to complete it. With more sets of data being fed into the system, the output becomes more and more precise. A large amount of data is first combined with fast, iterative processing and smart algorithms, which allows the system to learn from the patterns in the data.  While learning AI, you will come across various subfield of it, like: Machine Learning – Machine Learning is the technology in which machines can learn on their own from the examples and the experience.The machine tends to change or correct its algorithm from the examples and experiences. Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning are the two most commonly misinterpreted words. They are not the same thing, but the understanding that they are leads to some confusion. Here is the following diagram for understanding the relation between AI and ML: Deep Learning- It is a set of radical new technology, tools, algorithms that helps to perform various tasks. It is about machines becoming intelligent and taking over the tasks which were originally reserved only for humans due to their superior capabilities in terms of intelligence as compared to any machine.At the most basic level, it mimics the human brain in terms of its structure. It is modeled on the basis of the human brain. The human brain is the most complex single thing existing in the known universe. The main part in DL is the neural network. Now let’s talk about the neural network: Neural Networks – Artificial Neural Networks were inspired by the biological network, i.e. the animal brain. Artificial Neural Networks are one of the most important tools in machine learning to find patterns in the data, which are far too complex for a human to figure out and teach the machine to recognize. A neuron is a central component of a natural neural network. Neuron takes the input gathered by human senses, processes this information and sends executable reactions to various body parts. The neuron has three fundamental components: Dendrites (acts as an input point for neuron)Axon(output structure of the neuron)Cell body or soma.Two neurons are connected with each other through the axon and form a network. This network is called Natural Neural Network (NNN). Here is a diagrammatic representation of neuron:  Data Science-Data science is a detailed study of the flow of information from a large amount of data present in an organization’s repository. It involves obtaining meaningful insights from raw and unstructured data which is processed through analytical, programming, and business skills.It is increasingly becoming a digital space, organizations deal with Zetta and yottabytes of structured and unstructured information every day. Evolving technologies have enabled better cost savings and smarter storage spaces to store critical data. In the current industry, there is a huge need for skilled, certified data scientists. Getting confused about AI, ML, DL? Here is the diagrammatic representation of the relation among them:  As you can see in the above diagram, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and Data Science all are the sub-parts of AI. Data Science is the cluster of ML and DL and at the same time, all are co-related with each other. Coming to its real-life application:  Image Processing and Character recognition: Artificial Neural Network can have a lot of inputs, process them to infer hidden as well as complex, non-linear relationships, ANNs are playing a big role in image and character recognition. Character recognition like handwriting, correcting mistakes has a lot of applications in fraud detection (e.g. bank fraud, ) and even national security work. Image recognition also has large applications from facial recognition in social media, cancer detention in medicine to satellite image processing for agricultural and defense usage. The research on ANN now has paved the way for deep neural networks that forms the basis of “deep learning” and which has now opened up all the exciting innovations in computer vision, speech recognition, natural language processing — famous examples being self-driving cars.Natural Language Processing – Natural language processing means communicating with the machines using natural language like English. It helps to analyze the attitude and emotional state of the person. This application is also known as opinion mining. It is implemented through a combination of Natural Language Processing and statistics by assigning values to the text (positive, negative or neutral) and in turn making efforts to identify the underlying mood of the context (happy, sad, angry, annoyed, etc). For example chatbots. Human Face Recognition: Using the power of Artificial Intelligence it is possible to do a 3D detection of the owner’s face with utmost perfection. Chatbots is one of those technologies that will be well-entrenched into our lives in the not so distant future. We will have chatbots that help us in getting the various products and services that we are looking for all through the conversational search incorporated into the mobile applications of businesses which are ultimately being powered by Artificial Intelligence from within. If a neural network is well trained, then it can be divided into two classes namely images having faces and images that do not have faces. First, all the input images must be preprocessed. Then, the dimensionality of that image must be reduced. And, at last, it must be classified using neural network training algorithm.Forecasting: Forecasting is required in everyday business decisions (e.g. sales, the financial allocation between products, capacity utilization), in economic policy, in finance and the stock market. More often, forecasting problems are complex, for example, predicting the stock prices is a complex problem with a lot of underlying factors (some known, some unseen). Traditional forecasting models provide limitations in terms of taking into account these complex models. ANNs can be applied in the right way, can provide better alternatives, giving the ability to the model to extract unseen features and relationships. Also, unlike these traditional models, ANN doesn’t have any restrictions on input and residual distributions.Healthcare: MetaMind uses deep learning networks for image recognition and text analysis. Their image recognition software enables ad targeting, prediction of customer preferences and automated data entry using pictures. Their textual analysis software supports identification and tracking of customer sentiment, opinion and attitude monitoring across different online channels, and automated customer service and support. Robotics: Nowadays, we have different kinds of robots, such as the Dog robot. The dog robot acts just like a Dog. It will bark, it will growl, it can jump, and etc. These robots again use AI to understand the behavior of the Dog.Voice Generation: Products like Amazon Alexa uses deep learning to generate voice and interact with humans. Self Driving Vehicles: Google’s self-driving car is based on Machine Learning and Deep Learning algorithms. It can drive at a precision of 98% in dark, while its raining and in high terrain areas.Producing Music: Deep Learning can be used to produce music by feeding in music patterns and letting it analyze on its own. It can also be used to restore audio voices in silent movies.Hope this answer helps you!!!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-01-04	Avi-Kumar-196	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is a way of making a computer, a computer-controlled robot, or a software think intelligently, in the similar manner the intelligent humans think. AI is accomplished by studying how human brain thinks, and how humans learn, decide, and work while trying to solve a problem, and then using the outcomes of this study as a basis of developing intelligent software and systems.  Basically an machine achieve this intelligence through the process of machine learning. Machine Learning is the field of study that gives computers the capability to learn without being explicitly program Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is a way of making a computer, a computer-controlled robot, or a software think intelligently, in the similar manner the intelligent humans think. AI is accomplished by studying how human brain thinks, and how humans learn, decide, and work while trying to solve a problem, and then using the outcomes of this study as a basis of developing intelligent software and systems.  Basically an machine achieve this intelligence through the process of machine learning. Machine Learning is the field of study that gives computers the capability to learn without being explicitly programmed. ML is one of the most exciting technologies that one would have ever come across. As it is evident from the name, it gives the computer that which makes it more similar to humans: The ability to learn. Machine learning is actively being used today, perhaps in many more places than one would expect.  Components in Machine Learning: Data: It can be any unprocessed fact, value, text, sound or picture that is not being interpreted and analyzed. Data is the most important part of all Data Analytics, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence. Without data, we can’t train any model and all modern research and automation will go vain. Big Enterprises are spending loads of money just to gather as much certain data as possible. Example: Why did Facebook acquire WhatsApp by paying a huge price of $19 billion? The answer is very simple and logical – it is to have access to the users’ information that Facebook may not have but WhatsApp will have. This information of their users is of paramount importance to Facebook as it will facilitate the task of improvement in their services.Information : Data that has been interpreted and manipulated and has now some meaningful inference for the users.Knowledge : Combination of inferred information, experiences, learning and insights. Results in awareness or concept building for an individual or organization.So this how machine learn and process various form of data from environment and process it as artificial intelligence. Applications of AI There are various field were machine learning can be applied such as :  Gaming − AI plays crucial role in strategic games such as chess, poker, tic-tac-toe, etc., where machine can think of large number of possible positions based on heuristic knowledge.Natural Language Processing − It is possible to interact with the computer that understands natural language spoken by humans.Expert Systems − There are some applications which integrate machine, software, and special information to impart reasoning and advising. They provide explanation and advice to the users.Vision Systems − These systems understand, interpret, and comprehend visual input on the computer. For example, A spying aeroplane takes photographs, which are used to figure out spatial information or map of the areas. Doctors use clinical expert system to diagnose the patient. Police use computer software that can recognize the face of criminal with the stored portrait made by forensic artist.Speech Recognition − Some intelligent systems are capable of hearing and comprehending the language in terms of sentences and their meanings while a human talks to it. It can handle different accents, slang words, noise in the background, change in human’s noise due to cold, etc.Handwriting Recognition − The handwriting recognition software reads the text written on paper by a pen or on screen by a stylus. It can recognize the shapes of the letters and convert it into editable text.Intelligent Robots − Robots are able to perform the tasks given by a human. They have sensors to detect physical data from the real world such as light, heat, temperature, movement, sound, bump, and pressure. They have efficient processors, multiple sensors and huge memory, to exhibit intelligence. In addition, they are capable of learning from their mistakes and they can adapt to the new environment.Hope the content was useful.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-14	अंकित-श्रीवास्तव-Ankit-Srivastava	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I have answered similar questions, answering the same again : Artificial Intelligence aka AI, is a modern day computer technology where computers behave as if have used human intelligence to perform certain tasks which reduce human efforts and dependency. In other words, it is basically computer working in spheres where human intelligence is required. AI has entered our lives, going beyond just business and organization to shape the way we see the world and operate in it. Simplest examples of AI can be seen in- Google search, Voice search options like Siri, Alexa, Hound, Cortana, etc. Smart phon Continue ReadingI have answered similar questions, answering the same again : Artificial Intelligence aka AI, is a modern day computer technology where computers behave as if have used human intelligence to perform certain tasks which reduce human efforts and dependency. In other words, it is basically computer working in spheres where human intelligence is required. AI has entered our lives, going beyond just business and organization to shape the way we see the world and operate in it. Simplest examples of AI can be seen in- Google search, Voice search options like Siri, Alexa, Hound, Cortana, etc. Smart phones are a classic example of AI triggered algorithms. How is AI Useful- There are barely any industries which are untouched by AI today. The applications and intensity may vary but there’s a little bit of this technology in everyone’s life today who consumes accesses internet. Marketers and digital experts have been rapidly using AI algorithms for successful digital outreach. Industries like Computer technology, Aviation, BFSI, Healthcare, Tourism, Education, Space technology, Human Resource Management, Job search, Marketing, Media, Commerce, Entertainment, Electronics, Communication, Tele communications, Agriculture and a lot many are using AI driven applications to perform better and reduce human engagement for performing complex functions while still focus on other things important. The scope is wider and undefined but the biggest uses are: Automation enhancements in software and business processes.Smart forecasting in weather, disasters, its aftermath, etc.Decreasing human dependency for task performance.Minimal to practically Zero scope or errorsSmart ManufacturingEnhanced customer experienceDigital MarketingNext generation engagement strategiesSOURCE: Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-01	Aditya-Janu-5	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence alludes to the capacity of a computer to think and learn like a human. It is one of the quickest developing streams of software engineering, with an extensive variety of applications. The applications of AI have already invaded numerous enterprises, bringing potential advantages that have been anticipated to twofold the yearly monetary development rate in a few developed economies in the coming future. A larger part of the presently utilized AI applications are worked around supposed “weak” AI specialists, which display cognitive capacities in a few areas. AI applications Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence alludes to the capacity of a computer to think and learn like a human. It is one of the quickest developing streams of software engineering, with an extensive variety of applications. The applications of AI have already invaded numerous enterprises, bringing potential advantages that have been anticipated to twofold the yearly monetary development rate in a few developed economies in the coming future. A larger part of the presently utilized AI applications are worked around supposed “weak” AI specialists, which display cognitive capacities in a few areas. AI applications ranging from chatbots to automated vehicles are changing numerous enterprises and societies by bringing advantages, for example, expanded effectiveness, new products and a decrease in redundant assignments. AI has rapidly developed from being a distant hope to an easy going part of the present reality. PC programs equipped for performing human-like subjective and computational undertakings without human mediation are quickly developing in ability and in addition omnipresence. Each new AI application that develops, grows the points of confinement of what the innovation can accomplish, leaving us in excitement for what’s in store. Following are a couple of awe-inspiring utilizations of AI that will influence you to rethink the cut off points of what we think is conceivable: Cybersecurity DefenceIn addition to customary safety efforts, AI can be used to help with cybersecurity resistance. The AI framework system constantly analyzes the network packets and maps out what is normal traffic. The AI prevails upon conventional firewall standards or AV information in that it works naturally without prior signature knowledge to discover inconsistencies. Medicinal services BenefitsAI is being explored for innovations in medicinal services. It can assist specialists with diagnosis and tell when patients are deteriorating so therapeutic intercession can happen sooner before the patient needs hospitalization. It’s a win-win for the medicinal services industry, sparing expenses for both the healing centers and patients. The accuracy of machine learning can likewise identify infections, for example, malignant diseases as tumor growth sooner, thus saving lives. Smart Conversational InterfacesMachine learning and AI are being used to manufacture savvy conversational chatbots. These AI-driven conversational interfaces are answering inquiries from frequently asked questions and answers, helping clients with concierge services in hotels, and to give data about products for shopping. Progressions in profound neural system and deep learning are making a considerable lot of these AI and ML applications conceivable. Diminished Energy Use And CostsAI is used to cut energy use and diminish energy costs for drilling, crude and petrol transportation, stockpiling and oil refining activities. Recently, the business has been taking a gander at historical data points. The AI application is now able to learn and foresee future energy stack at levels as granular as a single blending activity. This opens up a whole scope of chances to diminish waste, lessen peak demand and cut expenses. Market PredictionAI is being utilized in various customary spots like personalization, instinctive work processes, enhanced searching and product proposals. Lately, AI is being prepared to be baked into advertising activities to be the first to showcase by anticipating what’s to come. Or should I say, by “trying” to predict the future? Source : Incredible applications of Artificial Intelligence you didn't know exist - Hacker Post Author :Viral Mange, Author at Hacker Post
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-03-16	Karthika-80	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks normally requiring human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages.Here are some uses of AI you might not still be aware of. 1)Computer Programming: Computer scientists have created AI programs capable of writing their own code. Ai researchers have created many tools to solve the difficult problems. 2)Robotics:AI is arguably the most exciting field in robotics. It reduce the human work.Robotics is more like Mechanics thing and AI is Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks normally requiring human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages.Here are some uses of AI you might not still be aware of. 1)Computer Programming: Computer scientists have created AI programs capable of writing their own code. Ai researchers have created many tools to solve the difficult problems. 2)Robotics:AI is arguably the most exciting field in robotics. It reduce the human work.Robotics is more like Mechanics thing and AI is the human like perception which is in code indeed.Robots learn Grasping by sharing their hand-eye coordination experience with each other 3)Self driving cars:AI in transportation is expected to provide safe, efficient, and reliable transportation while minimizing the impact on the environment and communities. Self driving cars will also mean lesser road accidents as they are programmed to focus more on safety than human drivers. 4)Smart Reply:Smart Reply will automatically suggest short replies for incoming messages.Google's Inbox launches 'Smart Reply' to suggest reply message automatically using AI 5)Medical field: For improving healthcare, artificial intelligence in medicine is a great idea that can advance the patient communication and healthcare professionals. It helps to Fast & Accurate diagnostics,reduce human errors,design treatment plans,drug creation,etc.Microscope uses Artificial Intelligence to find cancer cells more efficiently Watch interesting AI videos at Artificial Intelligence (AI) - YouTube
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-08	Ashlar-Innovations	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Concept of Artificial Intelligence is coming up as the biggest innovation in the next few years. As per Ray Kurzweil, “Artificial Intelligence will reach human levels by around 2029. Follow that out further to, say, 2045, we will have multiplied the intelligence, the human biological machine intelligence of our civilization a billion-fold”. In the early 20th century, it began with the “heartless” Tin man from the Wizard of Oz, who familiarized the world with the concept of artificially intelligent robots through science fiction and continued with the humanoid robot that impersonated Maria in Me Continue ReadingConcept of Artificial Intelligence is coming up as the biggest innovation in the next few years. As per Ray Kurzweil, “Artificial Intelligence will reach human levels by around 2029. Follow that out further to, say, 2045, we will have multiplied the intelligence, the human biological machine intelligence of our civilization a billion-fold”. In the early 20th century, it began with the “heartless” Tin man from the Wizard of Oz, who familiarized the world with the concept of artificially intelligent robots through science fiction and continued with the humanoid robot that impersonated Maria in Metropolis. By the 1950s, we had scientists, philosophers, and mathematicians who came up with the concept of Artificial Intelligence assimilated in their minds. One such young enthusiast was Alan Turing, a young British polymath. He explored and analyzed the mathematical possibility of Artificial Intelligence and suggested that humans use available information in order to solve problems and make decisions, so why can’t machines do the same thing? Artificial Intelligence is gaining popularity at a quicker pace; altering the way we live and interact, as well as improve customer experience. There is a lot of buzz around the world regarding the impact of Artificial Intelligence, let us understand what actually Artificial Intelligence is! The first thing people think about when they hear about AI is Robots, but the theory behind is based on the machine learning. Artificial Intelligence is the field of computer science that is associated with the concept of machines thinking like humans to perform tasks such as learning, problem-solving, planning, reasoning and identifying patterns. In simple words, if a machine starts working like humans, it is known as Artificial Intelligence. It refers to the simulation of human intelligence in machines that are programmed to think like human and mimic their actions. Unlike general acuity, AI is not limited to just IT or technology industry; instead, it is being extensively spreading in areas such as medical, business, manufacturing, and education. Voice recognition, Alexa, Siri, Echo, Google assistant, etc. are some of the examples of AI which people have already adopted to make their life easy!! To read more, visit: https://bit.ly/2QrCFZn
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-05-09	Christopher-Schrader	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	First, Artificial Intelligence is not the artificial intelligence Hollywood would have us imagine it to be. When people talk about ‘volcanic’ changes in ‘AI’ they are talking about one particular field of technology: Machine Learning (and within that field, Deep Learning). Machine Learning is a very literal description of the technology it describes, that is a program written to learn and adapt. The pioneering technology within this field is the neural network (NN), which mimics (to a very rudimentary level) the pattern recognition abilities of the human brain by processing thousands or even m Continue ReadingFirst, Artificial Intelligence is not the artificial intelligence Hollywood would have us imagine it to be. When people talk about ‘volcanic’ changes in ‘AI’ they are talking about one particular field of technology: Machine Learning (and within that field, Deep Learning). Machine Learning is a very literal description of the technology it describes, that is a program written to learn and adapt. The pioneering technology within this field is the neural network (NN), which mimics (to a very rudimentary level) the pattern recognition abilities of the human brain by processing thousands or even millions of data points. Pattern recognition is pivotal in terms of intelligence. A lot of people assume that we are developing general AI rather than applied AI (difference is explained very well here). Applied AI is intelligence, but in a very limited field and requires supervised training. For example, in recognizing human faces (Facebook), driving cars (Google Autonomous Cars), or what we do at The Graduate – namely matching teachers to students for optimal outcomes. A general AI on the other hand, is not limited to a narrow field where humans still have to impose certain rules before it can ‘learn’ (cars are not animals, etc.) It learns 'unsupervised'. To clarify, there are hundreds of companies using applied AI (such as a vacuum cleaner that knows how to avoid your cat), there are none that have developed general AI (think Terminator). We are getting closer to general AI though. There is a developing technology, “Adversarial Training of Neural Networks“, where the data from one machine learning program helps to train the other in a kind of closed loop. This is the technology that Google and Facebook have been flouting a lot recently. An example of this might be in medicine, where one ML program is used to diagnose a patient, and another is used to prescribe a treatment. The two programs may train each other in that correct treatments suggest correct diagnoses and the correct diagnosis may lead to different treatments, and so on… I wrote more about this here Artificial Intelligence - The Next Leap in Technology
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-07-25	Bharani-Akella	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	So, you want to know what is Artificial Intelligence! To answer that let me ask a question.. What makes humans intelligent? We as human beings can think, learn and make decisions and that is what makes us intelligent. Isn’t it? Now, imagine if machines could show human like intelligence! Machines which can think, learn and make decisions like us. Sounds amazing! doesn’t it?  So, simply put, Artificial Intelligence is the field of developing computers which can perform tasks requiring human intelligence.  So, it’s clear that AI is about mimicking human brain. So, all we have to do is create artificial Continue ReadingSo, you want to know what is Artificial Intelligence! To answer that let me ask a question.. What makes humans intelligent? We as human beings can think, learn and make decisions and that is what makes us intelligent. Isn’t it? Now, imagine if machines could show human like intelligence! Machines which can think, learn and make decisions like us. Sounds amazing! doesn’t it?  So, simply put, Artificial Intelligence is the field of developing computers which can perform tasks requiring human intelligence.  So, it’s clear that AI is about mimicking human brain. So, all we have to do is create artificial neurons which work the same way as biological neurons.  This is a video which will get you started with Artificial Intelligence:  Now, coming to the second part of your question..why do we need AI? We need AI because it has applications in every industry.  AI is used extensively in the Aviation Industry. NASA has created an AI based software that enables a damaged aircraft to continue flight until a safe landing zone can be reached.  AI has various applications in finance as well-> Complex AI systems are used to make trading decisions at speeds of several orders of magnitude greater than any human is capable of and this helps in making millions of trades in a day without any human intervention. Aviation and Finance are just two examples. Look around you friend and you’ll find AI everywhere!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-03-10	Priyanka-Arora-282	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Every device, system or instrument that exists is made to solve a purpose. Earlier it was just input and output based meaning that if this happens, the device needs to do that and so on. But now with artificial intelligence we are making systems intelligent enough to be able to perform actions based on decision taking capabilities. Pretty much like how human beings function! Now, lets get what exactly artificial intelligence is, future, threat, advantages and disadvantages. 1. What is Artificial Intelligence? Artificial intelligence aims at making expert systems. Expert system are like what we h Continue ReadingEvery device, system or instrument that exists is made to solve a purpose. Earlier it was just input and output based meaning that if this happens, the device needs to do that and so on. But now with artificial intelligence we are making systems intelligent enough to be able to perform actions based on decision taking capabilities. Pretty much like how human beings function! Now, lets get what exactly artificial intelligence is, future, threat, advantages and disadvantages. 1. What is Artificial Intelligence? Artificial intelligence aims at making expert systems. Expert system are like what we human do, we predict an outcome based on the judgement which is collected through sensors and acted upon by effectors. Now these are terminologies commonly used say you are watching Netflix. It senses the genre you are interested in by firstly asking the preference and then mapping it to similar series you watch and here effectors are the movie choice cards that are displayed. 2.Examples of Artificial Intelligence Any predictive system is an AI system. Like weather forecasting which has used AI by collecting lot of data for so many years and also now with advanced technologies we have. Even, cricket match we see the prediction, is again AI.All the sales data, trending, discount offers are using artificial intelligence. Business, marketing , campaigns everywhere you go AI is being used!  3.Advantages of Artificial Intelligence Because of Artificial Intelligence Technology has become fun! Playing video games, listening music, being aware, updated and been able to cater the needs to the target audience has become so much easier and fun! Artificial Intelligence is down and down blessing! 4. Future with Artificial Intelligence Say 10 years from now in 2030. AI would become so good that you would think of a weirdly image of a situation or person or thing and the system would have guessed and would be in front of you. It will be so much cooler! We are all excited for sure! 5.Threats of Artificial Intelligence Now this itself is a threat! Memory loss is on peek! We are not working our brains! Jobs would be on major decline as all the manual work would be done by the expert systems. Also machines would not judge vulnerability, morals and the right thing to be done! It would be harsh world where priority work would be done and not the one which our heart wants! Would be become a ROBOT too? Well we already have!!!! -Engineer Diaries(Follow Engineer Diaries for latest tech, startup and career news in India!)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-03-27	Asheer-Sherman	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a computer which is aware of it self. Let me explain. Computers are able to complete so many tasks because they are preprogrammed by programmers. That means it’s just following the given orders. It can’t think on it’s own. It is a Slave to the codes. But we wan’t even more intelligent and efficient computers. We want them to be intelligent. To be able to think on their own. This will make a tremendous increase in production and progress. The best way to do this is to create a logarithm into a computer which is very similar to our Brain. That’s where the problem arises. I Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is a computer which is aware of it self. Let me explain. Computers are able to complete so many tasks because they are preprogrammed by programmers. That means it’s just following the given orders. It can’t think on it’s own. It is a Slave to the codes. But we wan’t even more intelligent and efficient computers. We want them to be intelligent. To be able to think on their own. This will make a tremendous increase in production and progress. The best way to do this is to create a logarithm into a computer which is very similar to our Brain. That’s where the problem arises. It is exceedingly difficult to program a computer like our brain. It is just impossible. So what do we do? We program it using the fundamentals of our brain’s logarithms. Instead of creating an “impossible to create” structure of our complex brain. We give it the fundamentals it needs to learn and for connections in it self. Think of it as a small baby. From day zero. Trying to learn, making sense out of it self and it’s surroundings. Mainly trying to think. It in it self creates an amazingly mind blowing network, very similar to our brain. It will out wit humans after a period of time. Which kind of worries me. The main Idea is to create a thinking computer which can do tasks in multiple domains and which can think like us, may be better that us. So we can have a better future. It may be able to solve problems we never have could with this little brain which is use full but is limited to it’s size and efficiency. But it comes with it’s own risks. That’s a talk for another day. But scientist, Programmers, Computer scientists are doing their best to make it as safe as possible. And as always be Happy and stay Curious!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-04-19	Anurag-Khode-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI, Artificial Intelligence is the way to train computers and machines to behave like humans and the processes that would be done by these machines would be similar to that of a Human Brain. The various use cases for AI and its implementation can be: Natural Language Processing: The machines and computers are trained in such a way so that they can identify human speech, convert them to machine commands and give back the output. NLP has many use cases and can be implemented in Home/Building Automation devices, etc.Computer Games: Its regarding programming machines and computers in such a way so tContinue ReadingAI, Artificial Intelligence is the way to train computers and machines to behave like humans and the processes that would be done by these machines would be similar to that of a Human Brain. The various use cases for AI and its implementation can be: Natural Language Processing: The machines and computers are trained in such a way so that they can identify human speech, convert them to machine commands and give back the output. NLP has many use cases and can be implemented in Home/Building Automation devices, etc.Computer Games: Its regarding programming machines and computers in such a way so that they can compete with humans. For e.g. in Chess, based on the moves of a human, the computer will identify the next move, with AI doing the back end processing.Smart Toys/Robotics: The Next-Gen Smart Toys can act as a bot to and responds to the what the kids speak. It can hear and see (image recognition) just as the way a human can see.Image Recognition: The best use case can be in the newest Connected Car where in the car can capture all the images surrounding it (a 360 deg view) and identify obstacles and process it in the back end so that the car avoids collision with these obstacles.A lot of research and development is going on in the field of AI and the use cases of AI have been increasing exponentially. We, at Hughes Systique Corporation (Hughes Systique :: Home) are actively doing R&D in this domain and have more than a decade long experience in working on similar technologies.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-27	Paul-Tardy	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	A definition is meant, not really to be true, but to be useful. It’s to me the equivalent of axioms in math: something you take as basic building blocks without really discussing whether it’s true or not. Therefore, depending on what you are discussing, it make sense to adapt the definition. With computer scientist, I would define AI as a field that aims to reproduce intelligent behavior, artificially. I’m actually considering what does the AI do, more than how it do it. With this definition, I would call any algorithm that beats human at chess an AI. Many people would argue that there’s nothing Continue ReadingA definition is meant, not really to be true, but to be useful. It’s to me the equivalent of axioms in math: something you take as basic building blocks without really discussing whether it’s true or not. Therefore, depending on what you are discussing, it make sense to adapt the definition. With computer scientist, I would define AI as a field that aims to reproduce intelligent behavior, artificially. I’m actually considering what does the AI do, more than how it do it. With this definition, I would call any algorithm that beats human at chess an AI. Many people would argue that there’s nothing intelligent in chess algorithm. I can’t say a agree nor disagree, I actually … hmm, let’s discuss my second point. That first definition is practical, yet may be considered naive. People would easily argue that computation is fundamentally not like intelligence. We are human. We are intelligent. Yet, we don’t fully understand how our brain works. Therefore, it seems like we cannot really discuss what our intelligence is like. Discussing how machine are just copper cables with electricity and defined behavior makes me wonder how we are different. Current scientific knowledge tends to show a really similar reality in fact. My conclusion is that yes, the first definition is naive. In the other hand, it is not that naive. Moreover, one should have good reasons to think that it is naive, not just a classic “we human are more than just machines” which makes no sense. We tend to see intelligence not only in the result, but also, and especially in the process. We know how machines works. But our brain is still a mystery. The fundamental question belongs to cognitive scientists.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-03-16	Pranshu-Pranjal-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI refers to only a computer that is able to "seem" intelligent by analyzing data and producing a response. So the question arises what is Artificial Intelligence?  John McCarthy, who coined the term “Artificial Intelligence” in 1955, defined it as "thescience and engineering of making intelligent machines". This concept was founded on the belief that human intelligence "can be so precisely described that a machine can be made to simulate it."  The central goals of AI research include reasoning, knowledge, planning, learning, natural language processing (communication), perception and the abi Continue ReadingAI refers to only a computer that is able to "seem" intelligent by analyzing data and producing a response. So the question arises what is Artificial Intelligence?  John McCarthy, who coined the term “Artificial Intelligence” in 1955, defined it as "thescience and engineering of making intelligent machines". This concept was founded on the belief that human intelligence "can be so precisely described that a machine can be made to simulate it."  The central goals of AI research include reasoning, knowledge, planning, learning, natural language processing (communication), perception and the ability to move and manipulate objects. General intelligence is still among the field's long-term goals. There are a large number of tools used in AI, including versions of search and mathematical optimization, logic, methods based on probability and economics, and many others. The AI field is interdisciplinary, including computer science, mathematics, psychology, linguistics, philosophy and neuroscience, as well as other specialized fields such as artificial psychology. Artificial Intelligence is definitely a touchy subject for the humans The very mention of the term conjures up images of apocalyptic societies where intelligent super-computers have either enslaved the human race or eradicated the inferior human species altogether. Are these concerns realistic? Or are they baseless worries of people who don't understand the issue? Artificial intelligence does not equate to artificial life, the common misconception which has been beautifully portrayed in movies like Terminator, I-Robot, 2001: A Space Odyssey .
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-04-03	Varun-Chauhan-35	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The answer to this question can probably be answered in many ways. Some can say artificial intelligence is the intelligence possessed by machines. But everyone round here was taught that machine is not intelligent,it works in the command given by humans. They can't self operate themselves but this topic has paced up and we got new theories about artificial intelligence once developed can be very useful and may help in reducing human work. But if human really do need artificial intelligence. Do they need machines to take control. The answer is all time no. So lets learn what it actually is abou Continue ReadingThe answer to this question can probably be answered in many ways. Some can say artificial intelligence is the intelligence possessed by machines. But everyone round here was taught that machine is not intelligent,it works in the command given by humans. They can't self operate themselves but this topic has paced up and we got new theories about artificial intelligence once developed can be very useful and may help in reducing human work. But if human really do need artificial intelligence. Do they need machines to take control. The answer is all time no. So lets learn what it actually is about :-  Artificial intelligence (AI), the ability of a digitalcomputer or computer-controlled robot to perform taskscommonly associated with intelligent beings. The termis frequently applied to the project of developingsystems endowed with the intellectual processescharacteristic of humans, such as the ability to reason,discover meaning, generalize, or learn from pastexperience. Since the development of the digitalcomputer in the 1940s, it has been demonstrated thatcomputers can be programmed to carry out verycomplex tasks—as, for example, discovering proofs formathematical theorems or playing chess—with greatproficiency. Still, despite continuing advances incomputer processing speed and memory capacity, thereattained the performance levels of human experts andprofessionals in performing certain specific tasks, sothat artificial intelligence in this limited sense is found inapplications as diverse as medical diagnosis, computersearch engines, and voice or handwriting recognition.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-10-01	Kamal-Pathak-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Photo Credit: Seattle Chinese Times What is AI? Artificial Intelligence is the ability of machines to see, think, learn, and act like genius humans. It isn’t debatable that the machines are faster, more efficient, and more reliable. AI today can recognise faces, converse with humans, identify objects in an image, authenticate users based on voice, predict a suspicious activity at a crowded public place, and what not. And guess what? All of it is possible at a speed and scale one can hardly fathom.  Photo Credit: Pexels As per a study, AI is expected to reach market worth $190 billion by 2025 (Marke Continue Reading Photo Credit: Seattle Chinese Times What is AI? Artificial Intelligence is the ability of machines to see, think, learn, and act like genius humans. It isn’t debatable that the machines are faster, more efficient, and more reliable. AI today can recognise faces, converse with humans, identify objects in an image, authenticate users based on voice, predict a suspicious activity at a crowded public place, and what not. And guess what? All of it is possible at a speed and scale one can hardly fathom.  Photo Credit: Pexels As per a study, AI is expected to reach market worth $190 billion by 2025 (MarketsandMarkets), deriving business value of over $3.9 trillion by 2022 (Gartner). It is no surprise that there are countless startups and Fortune 500 companies that are determined to get the most from AI. How does AI work? In a very simple language, there’s a computer behind AI. Big or small. It first understands a situation through sensors or human input. For instance, if you want to train a computer to auto-detect a cat, you will have to show lots of cats to it. After this, the computer processes the information and tries to predict the results next time. The humans/ engineers who train this computer or the computer itself then reiterate a lot of information until desired accuracy of results is reached. Though the entire process is not as simple as it sounds, just know that more the amount of training information, better the results. Which means, you may need 100K cat images to reach 80% accuracy. Some Use Cases: AI is being continuously used around us. Few examples you may be able to relate are: Virtual Digital Assistants — Apple Siri, Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant‘Frequently Bought Together’ suggestions on AmazonSelf-drive carsChatbotsEmotion Recognition to understand customer emotionsAutomated Customer Footfall Counting in retail storesThese are just few use cases many would hear about frequently. But AI spans beyond these, and go all over to pregnancy management, human gene analytics, smart security systems, cashier-less checkouts, predictive airplane engine maintenance, and much more. Who should pay attention?  Photo Credit: Pexels Everyone. AI will have an impact on virtually every industry, when some are to be impacted immediately, and others to follow eventually. Healthcare, automotive, retail, agriculture, customer service, manufacturing, everyone. Every department — from HR, Operations, Marketing, Sales, and what not. No matter who you are, it is going to be a part of your life tomorrow, and will make today’s technologies obsolete, like mobile phones did with the landline phones in the past. What will happen? AI is said to take away a lot of jobs. In my opinion, it will not. But one thing it will certainly do in this aspect is, it will shake people, and shake them well. It will force them to go out of their comfort zones, learn new skills, and do the most difficult thing — Accept CHANGE. Just remember the days when computer entered our lives. Everyone had the same fear. But, they created more jobs. However, it took an entire generation of people to go after learning computers, as if their lives depended on it. The same holds true today. We’re living in such exciting times, a kissing distance away from a big bright future. Let’s make the best of it.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-09-13	Johnty-Andersen	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence or AI was something people first realized might be possible back in the 50s now its everywhere and developing rapidly. I suppose you could define it as building computers to carry out tasks without human intervention where humans would have to think about what they are doing. At the moment we only have narrow AI, but it's realistically possible that artificial intelligence will equal human intelligence in under 20 years, super AI will probably be our final invention because after that our job is then effectively but it’s not so much the final invention of mankind as muc Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence or AI was something people first realized might be possible back in the 50s now its everywhere and developing rapidly. I suppose you could define it as building computers to carry out tasks without human intervention where humans would have to think about what they are doing. At the moment we only have narrow AI, but it's realistically possible that artificial intelligence will equal human intelligence in under 20 years, super AI will probably be our final invention because after that our job is then effectively but it’s not so much the final invention of mankind as much as human kind because during this century we will have to confront what it means to be human as we make huge advances in nanotechnology, genetics, biotechnology, antiaging medicine and most importantly in artificial intelligence or AI. I believe super AI will be our last invention that is not to say it's going to take over which is what some people are saying, super intelligent machines will not replace us, but what will happen is that we will merge with our technology creating human/machine hybrids. The result of this is that super AI will be our final invention as humans all other discoveries will be after the merger. What I'm foreseeing here is of course nothing like the Borg but we will enhance ourselves by connecting ourselves directly to the Internet and creating a situation where we have massively increased computational and other mental capabilities. Some people say this is far in the future but it’s not its very close as you will see in the video below.  See also:  A friend recently said to me that when this time comes he thinks we will go out on a Saturday night or for a walk on the beach or in the country on a Sunday and decide to turn the enhanced capabilities off, I had to explain to him that it simply will not happen, because doing so would be 100 times worse than the feeling today if you accidentally leave your iPhone, Samsung S8 or whatever you use at home, it leaves you feeling deeply uncomfortable. We now expect to have every piece of information we need instantly accessible, the ability to communicate anywhere and at anytime, our calendar, our mapping software and all the rest instantly at our fingertips - imaging if all this was accessible just by thinking about it. This feeling of anxiety when separated from technology is even stronger in young people, especially those born in 1990 or later who we term digital natives, even to an old guy like myself born in the early 1960s I want to be connected 24/7 assuming I'm awake! Some people my age are not keen to adopt the latest technology but if I had the ability to have a Computer/ Neural Interface I would just have to go for it because it would make me vastly more productive and capable than now. The big question is whether this will make life better for us or as someone recently said we could be unleashing the demon! Personally I think it will be a positive development and the next stage in our evolution.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-03-21	Pratik-Joshi-356	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence Software System Market Artificial intelligence is a science and technology-based on disciplines such as Computer Science, Biology, Psychology, and Engineering. Out of the following areas, one or multiple areas can contribute to build an intelligent system. The global Artificial Intelligence Software System market is expected to thrive in terms of volume and value during the forecast years. This report offers an understanding of various drivers, threats, opportunities, and restraints in the market. Analysts have used SWOT and Porter’s five forces analysis to determine the Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence Software System Market Artificial intelligence is a science and technology-based on disciplines such as Computer Science, Biology, Psychology, and Engineering. Out of the following areas, one or multiple areas can contribute to build an intelligent system. The global Artificial Intelligence Software System market is expected to thrive in terms of volume and value during the forecast years. This report offers an understanding of various drivers, threats, opportunities, and restraints in the market. Analysts have used SWOT and Porter’s five forces analysis to determine the effect these factors will have on the market growth during the forecast period. Top Key Players of the Global Artificial Intelligence Software System Market: Google, IFlyTek, Baidu, Microsoft, SAP, IBM, Brighterion, Intel, Salesforce, Ipsoft, Ada Support, NanoRep(LogMeIn), Megvii Technology, Brainasoft, Yseop, Albert Technologies, Astute Solutions According to this study, over the next five years, the Artificial Intelligence Software System market will register a 54.6% CAGR in terms of revenue, the global market size will reach $ 35670 million by 2025, from $ 6249.8 million in 2019. In particular, this report presents the global revenue market share of key companies in the Artificial Intelligence Software System business, shared in Chapter 3. This report presents a comprehensive overview, market shares and growth opportunities of Artificial Intelligence Software System market by type, application, key companies, and key regions. Research objectives To study and analyze the global Artificial Intelligence Software System market size by key regions/countries, type and application, history data from 2015 to 2019, and forecast to 2025. To understand the structure of the Artificial Intelligence Software System market by identifying its various sub-segments. Focuses on the key global Artificial Intelligence Software System players, to define, describe and analyze the value, market share, market competition landscape, SWOT analysis and development plans in the next few years. To analyze the Artificial Intelligence Software System with respect to individual growth trends, future prospects, and their contribution to the total market. To share detailed information about the key factors influencing the growth of the market (growth potential, opportunities, drivers, industry-specific challenges and risks). To project the size of Artificial Intelligence Software System submarkets, with respect to key regions (along with their respective key countries). To analyze competitive developments such as expansions, agreements, new product launches and acquisitions in the market. To strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies. By the product type, the market is primarily split into: On-Premise, Cloud-based The end-users/application, this report covers the following segments: Voice Processing, Text Processing, Image Processing Get a sample of the report here: https://marketresearchnest.com/sample-request/Artificial-Intelligence-Software-System-Market-898190
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-04-09	Steve-Tolley	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	"The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim." - Edsger Dijkstra Intelligence is, very roughly and basically , " the ability to acquire and apply knowledge, ", AI is simply the ability of machines to do this, acquire and apply knowledge. My thermostat has artificial intelligence, Google translate has artifical intelligence, my cat has cat's intelligence. That a machine can in many circumstances do this better than a human is of little more interest than the fact that planes can fly faster and higher than birds, or that a s Continue Reading"The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim." - Edsger Dijkstra Intelligence is, very roughly and basically , " the ability to acquire and apply knowledge, ", AI is simply the ability of machines to do this, acquire and apply knowledge. My thermostat has artificial intelligence, Google translate has artifical intelligence, my cat has cat's intelligence. That a machine can in many circumstances do this better than a human is of little more interest than the fact that planes can fly faster and higher than birds, or that a shovel is better than digging with bare hands. The import of AI is not philosophical or scientific, the science is primarily new applications of math, whilst the philosophical import is merely grammatical e.g Does it make sense to ask, Can submarines swim? The import of AI is in its social and cultural application, and the enormous effects it has and will have on society, the "AI revolution". AI is a sophisticated tool, the tool of knowledge and " knowledge is power". It is who owns and controls the power of AI and how they use it which is the really important question . Questions as to whether machines can think or have consciousness or will " they" one day lord it over us are as useful and misguided as trying to determine the political opinions of a Lion. The future " questions and problems" of AI are political, not scientific or pseudo- philosophical.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-06-11	Vedang-Sawant-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Back in the 1950s, the fathers of the field Minsky and McCarthy described artificial intelligence as any task performed by a program or a machine that, if a human carried out the same activity, we would say the human had to apply intelligence to accomplish the task. Artificial intelligence is based on the principle that human intelligence can be defined in a way that a machine can easily mimic it and execute tasks, from the most simple to those that are even more complex. The goals of artificial intelligence include learning, reasoning, and perception. As technology advances, previous benchmark Continue ReadingBack in the 1950s, the fathers of the field Minsky and McCarthy described artificial intelligence as any task performed by a program or a machine that, if a human carried out the same activity, we would say the human had to apply intelligence to accomplish the task. Artificial intelligence is based on the principle that human intelligence can be defined in a way that a machine can easily mimic it and execute tasks, from the most simple to those that are even more complex. The goals of artificial intelligence include learning, reasoning, and perception. As technology advances, previous benchmarks that defined artificial intelligence become outdated. For example, machines that calculate basic functions or recognize text through optical character recognition are no longer considered to embody artificial intelligence, since this function is now taken for granted as an inherent computer function. AI is continuously evolving to benefit many different industries. Machines are wired using a cross-disciplinary approach based on mathematics, computer science, linguistics, psychology, and more. Why is artificial intelligence important? AI automates repetitive learning and discovery through data.AI adds intelligence to existing products.AI adapts through progressive learning algorithms to let the data do the programming.AI analyzes more and deeper data using neural networks that have many hidden layers.AI achieves incredible accuracy though deep neural networks – which was previously impossible.AI gets the most out of data.This fast-growing AI field has created a great number of jobs owing to the new building technologies.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-11-15	Maria-Wright-44	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence market is prognosticated to increase its growth with high adoption in prime end-use industries such as healthcare and consumer electronics. Vendors may focus on research and development to launch novel products and services in the global artificial intelligence market. Enterprises are spending massive amounts of funds on artificial intelligence to improve the quality of products and services. Besides healthcare and consumer electronics, artificial intelligence is gaining demand in other businesses as well. Get More Information PDF Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Social Me Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence market is prognosticated to increase its growth with high adoption in prime end-use industries such as healthcare and consumer electronics. Vendors may focus on research and development to launch novel products and services in the global artificial intelligence market. Enterprises are spending massive amounts of funds on artificial intelligence to improve the quality of products and services. Besides healthcare and consumer electronics, artificial intelligence is gaining demand in other businesses as well. Get More Information PDF Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Social Media : Rapid evolution of social media platforms and technology such as cloud computing, mobile accounting, OCR technology has significantly changed human communication. The main goal of artificial intelligence systems is to develop systems capable of tacking complex problems in ways that are similar to human reasoning and logic. Artificial intelligence (AI) is helping vendors find new leads through social media. According to digital marketing experts, fully automated artificial intelligence systems are likely to take over all the areas of marketing in the next few years. Targeting social media users online is a highly specialized field. Get More Information PDF Artificial Intelligence (AI) Apps : The rising adoption of artificial intelligence in diverse industries and the growing demand to create apps are projected to enhance the growth of the global artificial intelligence apps market in the next few years. The market is expected to register a strong growth rate throughout the forecast period. The research study offers a detailed study of the market and highlights the major factors that are likely to support the growth of the overall market in the next few years. Get More Information PDF Artificial Intelligence as a Service (AIaaS): Artificial Intelligence as a Service (AIaaS) is the third party outsourcing of artificial intelligence offerings. With artificial intelligence as a service, companies can benefit from AI at minimal expenses and at a lower level of risk. Different artificial intelligence platform providers offer different forms of machine learning as well as AI. Get More Information PDF
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-07-18	Umarao-Upadhyay	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the name given to mechanical devices,Robots,medical diagnosis and expert systems etc which exhibits human traits,intelligence,and behavour.Although this name has been assigned to these machines which are able to display human characteristics, yet mechanical behaviour can't have complete parity with humans,because they are lifeless.Intelligence, consciousness,             self consciousness and super consciousness are the qualities which owe their existence to LIFE. Since above machines are lifeless they can't have these human qualities. Still scientists are giving thContinue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is the name given to mechanical devices,Robots,medical diagnosis and expert systems etc which exhibits human traits,intelligence,and behavour.Although this name has been assigned to these machines which are able to display human characteristics, yet mechanical behaviour can't have complete parity with humans,because they are lifeless.Intelligence, consciousness,             self consciousness and super consciousness are the qualities which owe their existence to LIFE. Since above machines are lifeless they can't have these human qualities. Still scientists are giving these names for the purpose of convenience as no other appropriate words are available to the characteristic features which have suddenly appeared in these machines.Any way, without going into linguistic controvesy,we can accept these names as they have gained currency.AI is more commonly used in computer system,robots.Attempts are being made by computer scientists to upgrade these mechanical devices to compensate more and more human shortcomings.   Weaknesses of human memory have been compensated to a great extent by introducing memory chips in these machines which have increased this power manifold.Another shiortcoming of humans is faulty communication ability. This is also being compensated with the help of WI FI and other airwaves.Now attempts are being made to upgrade these machines to introduce emotional features such as ANGER, FEAR, FEELINGS OF KINDNESS etc Success in this direction is doubtful as these attributes needs life.Artificial Life is not possible.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-02-04	Akhil-Reddy-429	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the development of computer systems that are able to perform tasks that would require human intelligence. Examples of these tasks are visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages. Some Real Life Examples are Self Driving CarsBoston DynamicsNavigation SystemsASIMOChatbotsHuman vs Computer Games & many more.Weak AI: Machines with weak Artificial Intelligence are made to respond to specific situations, but can not think for themselves. Strong AI: A machine with strong A.I. is able to think and act just like a human. It is able to  Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is the development of computer systems that are able to perform tasks that would require human intelligence. Examples of these tasks are visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages. Some Real Life Examples are Self Driving CarsBoston DynamicsNavigation SystemsASIMOChatbotsHuman vs Computer Games & many more.Weak AI: Machines with weak Artificial Intelligence are made to respond to specific situations, but can not think for themselves. Strong AI: A machine with strong A.I. is able to think and act just like a human. It is able to learn from experiences. Since there are no real-life examples of strong A.I. yet, the best representation would be how Hollywood portrays robots. Machine Learning: An application of Artificial Intelligence that gives machines the ability to learn and improve without the help of humans or new programming. Future of AI: Military BotsThe perfect lawyerMusicBusinessHealthcareThe most important purpose of A.I. is to reduce human casualties in WarsDangerous WorkspacesCar AccidentsNatural DisastersOr to just make everyday life easier by helping with tasks such as: CleaningShoppingTransportation
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-05-06	Deepak-Baghel-140	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Well, talking about Artificial Intelligence many of you have a misconception about Artificial Intelligence is the technology that was made to replace humans. Really! Really, you think so, According to me Artificial Intelligence was developed and it is continuing to be developed to enhance our life. Its so called purpose it augmenting our life and enhance our skills in our day to day lives. What is AI? AI is a branch of Computer Science where we try to develop the computer system to make decision like livings ones as humans and can easily work in the environment such as visual perception, decisio Continue Reading Well, talking about Artificial Intelligence many of you have a misconception about Artificial Intelligence is the technology that was made to replace humans. Really! Really, you think so, According to me Artificial Intelligence was developed and it is continuing to be developed to enhance our life. Its so called purpose it augmenting our life and enhance our skills in our day to day lives. What is AI? AI is a branch of Computer Science where we try to develop the computer system to make decision like livings ones as humans and can easily work in the environment such as visual perception, decision-making and many more.  Well the idea of AI came into existence in 20 th Century, however in the 21 st century, we did a lot of progress by inventing machines and introduction to new branches in the field of Computer Sciences. Introduction of algorithms to solve the basic problem was an initiative towards the AI. By the time passed we continued to develop multiple algorithms and more complex algorithms were used to implement the concept of Artificial Intelligence. This concept was now slowly introduced to machines around us which is known as Machine Learning (ML) Algorithms. Now after knowing this much, we can say that Machine Learning (ML) is a sub part of Artificial Intelligence . Whole point comes to AI in making new kind of brain that can take any better decision than us. The decision which we cannot take, AI can take that decision easily such as prediction of diabetes, prediction of sales and many more.  Stages of AI: AI -: This level of intelligence will allow us to automate on our current jobs. This can be achieved in 25 yrs. Our jobs can be replaced from manufacturing, driving, self-driven cars, etc.AGI -: Artificial General Intelligence is next level of AI. This level will help us to do much better things. All the analysis can be done through AGI. New way of getting more accurate things would be possible to us that how we’ll be able to take much better and efficient decision of our life. We would be able to make our new models within hours rather than days or months. Chemical analysis would be much easier to find much better option or other successful drug that can cure or can help us in some or the other way.This AGI technique would be more successful in 55yrs to 60rys Knowledge Explosion -: This is the point where AI will surpass human intelligence ASI -: This is the maximum level of intelligence that can be attained. This agent will have the God level of capabilities such as Interstellar space travel. This is known as Artificial Superscalar Intelligence. We will be able to learn the data which doesn’t exist, virtual data . This can be achieved in 1000 yrs. Yes, in the upcoming years Artificial Intelligence will be one best things that has been invented by humans and would ever last and would be a boon to humanity. to know more:-Data Analytics with Python Training Certification in Delhi.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-02-26	Prashant-Gujjar-17	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Definition of artificial intelligence : 1: a branch of computer science dealing with the simulation of intelligent behavior in computers 2: the capability of a machine to imitate intelligent human behavior Artificial intelligence (AI), the ability of a digital computer or computer-controlled robot to perform tasks commonly associated with intelligent beings. The term is frequently applied to the project of developing systems endowed with the intellectual processes characteristic of humans, such as the ability to reason, discover meaning, generalize, or learn from past experience. Since the develo Continue ReadingDefinition of artificial intelligence : 1: a branch of computer science dealing with the simulation of intelligent behavior in computers 2: the capability of a machine to imitate intelligent human behavior Artificial intelligence (AI), the ability of a digital computer or computer-controlled robot to perform tasks commonly associated with intelligent beings. The term is frequently applied to the project of developing systems endowed with the intellectual processes characteristic of humans, such as the ability to reason, discover meaning, generalize, or learn from past experience. Since the development of the digital computer in the 1940s, it has been demonstrated that computers can be programmed to carry out very complex tasks—as, for example, discovering proofs for mathematical theorems or playing chess—with great proficiency. Still, despite continuing advances in computer processing speed and memory capacity, there are as yet no programs that can match human flexibility over wider domains or in tasks requiring much everyday knowledge. On the other hand, some programs have attained the performance levels of human experts and professionals in performing certain specific tasks, so that artificial intelligence in this limited sense is found in applications as diverse as medical diagnosis, computer search engines, and voice or handwriting recognition.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-07-25	Nupur-Aggarwal-59	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Today Artificial Intelligence is one of the hottest buzzwords in business and industry. It is one of the most important factors responsible for the digital transformation as companies position themselves to gain by the ever-developing amount of information being produced and collected. But what exactly defines Artificial Intelligence? John McCarthy defined AI as: The science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs. In simple words, AI is the idea of building machines which are capable of thinking like humans. Here are some examples of AI from real l Continue ReadingToday Artificial Intelligence is one of the hottest buzzwords in business and industry. It is one of the most important factors responsible for the digital transformation as companies position themselves to gain by the ever-developing amount of information being produced and collected. But what exactly defines Artificial Intelligence? John McCarthy defined AI as: The science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs. In simple words, AI is the idea of building machines which are capable of thinking like humans. Here are some examples of AI from real life: Siri - Apple’s Personal AssistantAlexa - A Revolutionary ProductTesla - The Smart Vehicle.Pandora - The Musical DNANest - The Learning ThermostatAI is developed on the basis of how humans think, learn, and work. And the main aim for it is to Create Expert Systems & Implement Human Intelligence in Machines. This technology will lead to profound societal change in the coming future.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-04-27	Madhavreddy-Challa	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The Developments Of Artificial Intelligence The computer has developed from the terrific hulking beast that when took up three areas to the currently mobile variations that can be taken anywhere. Today computer systems play films and also control complex equipment and also systems to aid stay clear of human errors. People all over the globe understand the day is coming when computers can think and respond like a human does, which they fear will render the human race out-of-date. A lot of scientists are not a client to this concept due to the fact that computer systems will constantly lack many o Continue ReadingThe Developments Of Artificial Intelligence The computer has developed from the terrific hulking beast that when took up three areas to the currently mobile variations that can be taken anywhere. Today computer systems play films and also control complex equipment and also systems to aid stay clear of human errors. People all over the globe understand the day is coming when computers can think and respond like a human does, which they fear will render the human race out-of-date. A lot of scientists are not a client to this concept due to the fact that computer systems will constantly lack many of the fundamental human emotions as well as not reactionary as the homo-sapien varieties does. Artificial intelligence is the term that is commonly used for computer systems that can think. This is really a true term when you think of it. A computer system is a completely synthetic machine, comprised of components developed for a particular objective. Due to the fact that the computer lacks the capability to carry out such a task on its very own if the device is offered any kind of kind of intelligence it need to come from man himself. With this in mind, the researchers for artificial intelligence are working with a way to make the computer systems of the future extra human like in nature. This is done by way of intelligence chips that are developed into the computer system which teaches the equipment just how to learn on its own through outside resources as well as not having to be triggered to do so by guy. For one thing, computer systems do not have the function to act outside of the reasoning phase. Computer systems will act upon their shows from the most sensible factor of sight as well as not take any various other variables into consideration.  An experiment by a large firm to build a computer that would beat master chess champions occurred some years earlier. The firm believed that they had created the ideal chess playing machine and placed it to the test. Because he was able to believe outside of the box instead than based on the statistics that the computer system was playing with, in the end the grand master would win just. This revealed the world that we are still light years away from actual assuming equipments that will change the human race. The computer system requires to find cycle from its current state and also earn the marks that it can assume with feeling as well as not simply logic. Today computers play films and control complicated machinery and also systems to aid prevent human mistakes. People all over the globe recognize the day is coming when computer systems can react as well as assume like a human does, which they are afraid will certainly provide the human race obsolete. The majority of scientists are not a client to this concept since computers will certainly always lack most of the fundamental human emotions and also not reactionary as the homo-sapien species does. With this in mind, the researchers for artificial intelligence are working on a method to make the computers of the future extra human like in nature.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-02-01	Ratnakar-Pandey-RP	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is AI? ML/AI is the subfield of computer science which tries to solve problems which are normally reserved for human (read Cognitive Computation) abilities.AI doesn’t mean that everything machines will be doing, rather AI can be better represented as “Augmented Intelligence”, i.e. Man+Machine to solve business problems better and faster What are the Applications? We are already surrounded by apps and tools powered by AI which have become a common part of our daily life. We all are doing searches on Google every day, but may have not realized that the underlying algorithm for the searches is Continue ReadingWhat is AI? ML/AI is the subfield of computer science which tries to solve problems which are normally reserved for human (read Cognitive Computation) abilities.AI doesn’t mean that everything machines will be doing, rather AI can be better represented as “Augmented Intelligence”, i.e. Man+Machine to solve business problems better and faster What are the Applications? We are already surrounded by apps and tools powered by AI which have become a common part of our daily life. We all are doing searches on Google every day, but may have not realized that the underlying algorithm for the searches is driven by ML/AI.Some of the other application of AI around us are Siri from Apple, Echo from Amazon, Cortana from Microsoft, Assistant from Google, IBM Watson etc.In not so very distant future, AI will continue to manifest itself in many more shapes and forms around us such as self-driving cars or generation of a movie trailer entirely driven by codes.We have heard about the Internet of Things ( IOT), but may not be aware that there is IIOT as well. This stands for “Industrial Internet of Things”. One key application of this is “Digital Twin”, which is continually learning digital replica of physical systems. It is estimated that connected machines and Digital Twins can save hundreds of billions of dollars via optimized operations.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-05-25	Sasha-Andrieiev	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	There are some popular definitions of Artificial Intelligence: 1. Computer science which is dealing with the recreation of intelligent human-like behavior in machines. 2.Machine’s ability to simulate human behavior. 3. An intelligent computer program that can perform human-like tasks, such as recognizing speech, perceiving pictures, making decisions, and translating between languages.  Nowadays, the amount of data is outpacing humans’ ability to absorb, interpret, and make complex decisions based on that data. Artificial intelligence forms the basis for all computer learning and is the future of al Continue ReadingThere are some popular definitions of Artificial Intelligence: 1. Computer science which is dealing with the recreation of intelligent human-like behavior in machines. 2.Machine’s ability to simulate human behavior. 3. An intelligent computer program that can perform human-like tasks, such as recognizing speech, perceiving pictures, making decisions, and translating between languages.  Nowadays, the amount of data is outpacing humans’ ability to absorb, interpret, and make complex decisions based on that data. Artificial intelligence forms the basis for all computer learning and is the future of all complex business decision making. Artificial intelligence can support three top business needs: -Automate business processes. Nowadays, most of the back-office administrative and financial activities can be easily automated thanks to robotic process automation solutions. -Collect and analyze data. The insights collected by AI-powered systems can deal with large datasets. -Engage with customers or employees. Chatbots answer the most common questions on various topics, including employee benefits, HR policy, and IT. As the hype around AI has accelerated, vendors have been scrambling to promote how their products and services use AI. Often what they refer to as AI is simply one component of AI, such as machine learning. AI requires a foundation of specialized hardware and software for writing and training machine learning algorithms. If you want to know more about Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, I recommend the article: An Easy Guide on Machine Learning vs. Deep Learning vs. Artificial Intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-07-07	Ngak-Cruise	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Since the advent of technology, humans have continuously eyed the ultimate advancement of creating a human like form and ability that will substitute mundane to complex tasks of daily living. The turn of the century have brought about many breakthroughs and the role of artificial intelligence today covers more areas in different industries of our society more than we can ever imagine. What is artificial intelligence? Embedding Human Intelligence into a machine via machine learning languages, which enables the device to see, think, act & learn is termed as Artificial Intelligence. To clarify more Continue ReadingSince the advent of technology, humans have continuously eyed the ultimate advancement of creating a human like form and ability that will substitute mundane to complex tasks of daily living. The turn of the century have brought about many breakthroughs and the role of artificial intelligence today covers more areas in different industries of our society more than we can ever imagine. What is artificial intelligence? Embedding Human Intelligence into a machine via machine learning languages, which enables the device to see, think, act & learn is termed as Artificial Intelligence. To clarify more on this, let’s see what Ben Thompson, Stratechery has proposed “First, there are two types of artificial intelligence: Artificial General Intelligence (a.k.a. weak AI), that is, a computer capable of doing anything a human can. That is in contrast to Artificial Narrow Intelligence (a.k.a. strong AI), in which a computer does what a human can do, but only within narrow bounds. ” Machine learning and Deep Learning originated from Artificial Intelligence that act as parent node for the above mentioned learnings. Intelligence = Understanding + Reasoning There are a number of areas where AI can be applied, including the following: 1) Expert systems – Computers programmed to make decisions in real-life situations. 2) Natural Language - Chabot’s can recognize natural human language.  3) Neural Systems - Simulate intelligence by attempting to reproduce the way human brains works. For example, neural systems can predict future events based on historical data. 4) Robotics – These are programmed computers which see, hear and react to sensory stimuli, such as light, heat, temperature, sound and pressure. 5) Gaming Systems - Manipulating strategic games, such as chess or poker, where machines can think of an exponential number of possible positions to play effectively against a human opponent. E.g. Deep Blue at a Grand Master level. Why do we need it? We are growing at huge rate, say it in terms of population, scripted knowledge, tasks etc. Increasing in scale also increase entropy in system, demanding huge number of tasks to be automated, and centralized. AI in simple words is implementing human senses in machines. Humans will surely benefit from UI. Though we are seeing automation of tasks is leading to job cutting, in long term it is going to turn out to be a major benefit. AI can surely process all trivial tasks at huge pace compared to humans. Traffic Control, Automating Support, Automating Manufacturing, Fraud Detection, Imposing Laws without corruption etc. It has many good uses. https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/role-artificial-intelligence-human-beings-life-avi-kathuria What is artificial intelligence and why do we need it? Uncertain Knowledge and Reasoning in Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-06-09	Faizan-Ali-126	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) is the general field that covers everything that has anything to do with imbuing machines with “intelligence,” with the goal of emulating a human being’s unique reasoning faculties. Machine learning is a category within the larger field of artificial intelligence that is concerned with conferring upon machines the ability to “learn.” This is achieved by using algorithms that discover patterns and generate insights from the data they are exposed to, for application to future decision-making and predictions, a process that sidesteps the need to be programmed specific Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence (AI) is the general field that covers everything that has anything to do with imbuing machines with “intelligence,” with the goal of emulating a human being’s unique reasoning faculties. Machine learning is a category within the larger field of artificial intelligence that is concerned with conferring upon machines the ability to “learn.” This is achieved by using algorithms that discover patterns and generate insights from the data they are exposed to, for application to future decision-making and predictions, a process that sidesteps the need to be programmed specifically for every single possible action. Deep learning, on the other hand, is a subset of machine learning: it’s the most advanced AI field, one that brings AI the closest to the goal of enabling machines to learn and think as much like humans as possible. In short, deep learning is a subset of machine learning, and machine learning falls within artificial intelligence. The following image perfectly encapsulates the interrelationship of the three.  Artificial Intelligence Philosophers attempted to make sense of human thinking in the context of a system, and this idea resulted in the coinage of the term “artificial intelligence” in 1956. And it’s still believed that philosophy has an important role to play in the advancement of artificial intelligence to this day. Oxford University physicist David Deutsch wrote in an article how he believes that philosophy still holds the key to achieving artificial general intelligence (AGI), the level of machine intelligence comparable to that of the human brain, despite the fact that “no brain on Earth is yet close to knowing what brains do in order to achieve any of that functionality.” Advancements in AI have given rise to debates specifically about them being a threat to humanity, whether physically or economically (for which universal basic income is also proposed, and is currently being tested in certain countries).
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-07-23	Ferdinand-Buss-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial means fake or not real. Intelligence means how smart a person or machine. Advancement of technology can create a smart machine. Your calculator is a smart machine. A. I. Machine can talk and converse with a person. Artificial intelligence robots can hold conversations because it can analyze the information that was given or ask. A. I. robots can learn and relearn new data. The more information or data the robots have the better the output. It’s like teaching a child. The more information you give to a child the better it’s output or responses. Just why A. I. can learn new things or new infor Continue ReadingArtificial means fake or not real. Intelligence means how smart a person or machine. Advancement of technology can create a smart machine. Your calculator is a smart machine. A. I. Machine can talk and converse with a person. Artificial intelligence robots can hold conversations because it can analyze the information that was given or ask. A. I. robots can learn and relearn new data. The more information or data the robots have the better the output. It’s like teaching a child. The more information you give to a child the better it’s output or responses. Just why A. I. can learn new things or new information. Once the Artificial Intelligence robots gain more knowledge all I can say is wow. Imagine the robots have in its data all of the human knowledge in all the library around the world. You can ask anything, the answer comes out in a second. That is what I called godlike ability to know all the answer to any question. What’s the scariest part is when this advance robots become so smart that it become self aware. Self awareness is human nature. Self aware is like knowing you are alive. Once the robots knows he is alive that is when chaos and disharmony will set in. It will be a competition about robots against human being because of self preservation. Self preservation is human nature. My best beat is self aware robots is impossible. Why??? It’s because emotions as in human pain and suffering or hopes and dreams or regrets and depression can not be created in the robots programming.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-02-17	John-Sanders-89	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	This is a good question. It has become many things to many people. Starting with the name which is a complete misnomer: Intelligence is difficult to define so usually examples are given - that is not useful. Intelligence should be regarded as a property of some system (usually biological) but we would like to apply it to hardware. Being a property (not some sort of physical thing ) you should not apply the term “artificial” to it. Intelligence is a property. This property ,measures adaptability - thus intelligence systems are adaptable. But adaptability is a measure with respect to some sort of e Continue ReadingThis is a good question. It has become many things to many people. Starting with the name which is a complete misnomer: Intelligence is difficult to define so usually examples are given - that is not useful. Intelligence should be regarded as a property of some system (usually biological) but we would like to apply it to hardware. Being a property (not some sort of physical thing ) you should not apply the term “artificial” to it. Intelligence is a property. This property ,measures adaptability - thus intelligence systems are adaptable. But adaptability is a measure with respect to some sort of environment. For Biological system it is the environment. At this point you may wonder what IQ actually measures …. I know I do! Computers are not environmentally orientated so they are not really adaptable (that is why they must be programmed). Some sensor-based systems such as radars and sonars have a modicum of intelligence in that they adapt to environment conditions via sensors put there to give them feedback. Characteristics of a AI Feedback (learning from sensors) Feedback (learning from self created symbolic representations of a model of their environment) (we call this thought) The ability to visualise (see images - computers process images but they do not see them - we see the result . (The philosophers call the internalise experiences such a seeing and feeling qualia) The computer people are not usually aware of such phenomena. The ultimate Quale (singular form) is consciousness. With this ability you can model outcomes from mental images. The process we call evolution has supplied us with a series of generic actions called goals which allow us to use a form of decomposition and reduce a generic action to a sequences of real actions. With this you can use language (discourse production), mathematics and even programming Thus AI or machines with intelligence have very little to do with computing Popular AI (or computer-orientated hype over the label AI) Everything you hear about tends to belong to this category. Machine learning, artificial neural networks. Big Data techniques, Data mining techniques - all computing in a sort of heuristic semi-numerical techniques way. The only possible exemption is real-time robotics. Currently we are not progressing AI any more than we have done in the last 50+ years. The only real example (not called AI) is ourselves. Many animal species will be one day be shown to possess an amount of this intelligence property. I have fought shy of a short accurate definition … because it is hard to do. But I hope to have separated the hyperbole from the original ideas and discipline which was clearly identified back in the 1940 and 50s with people like Hebb, McCulloch, Pitts, Turing, Weiner, von Neumann (he gets everywhere!) et al. Then again later with Papert, Minski, Kohonnen et al then again … etc.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-10-24	Kanu-Ray	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Nowadays with all the new technologies, Artificial Intelligence is being added. Whether it is a smartphone, computer camera or car. In each case, Artificial Intelligence is being used. What is Artificial Intelligence Exactly? How did it get started? How does it work?    What is Artificial Intelligence?  Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science. Here computers try to imitate human intelligence and thinking. In simple terms, it can be said that artificial intelligence is the implementation of human intelligence and thinking through artificial means using machines.  The Mimi Continue ReadingNowadays with all the new technologies, Artificial Intelligence is being added. Whether it is a smartphone, computer camera or car. In each case, Artificial Intelligence is being used. What is Artificial Intelligence Exactly? How did it get started? How does it work?    What is Artificial Intelligence?  Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science. Here computers try to imitate human intelligence and thinking. In simple terms, it can be said that artificial intelligence is the implementation of human intelligence and thinking through artificial means using machines.  The Mimics Cognitive One is brought in to make the computer look like a human. As a result, it can take education and solve problems. Any device that uses Artificial Intelligence can realize its environment and take steps to achieve its goals by achieving its goals.  Machines using artificial intelligence become increasingly capable. The capabilities that are currently classified can successfully understand people's speech, manage strategic game systems like chess, and participate in higher-level competitions, automate cars, military simulations and interpret complex data. This has been possible due to deep learning and natural language processing.   History of Artificial Intelligence  The Artificial Intelligence Term was launched in 1956. But its popularity did not rise very long ago. Artificial Intelligence is gaining so much popularity today due to the increase in data speed and usage, advanced algorithms, computer capabilities and storage.  Towards 1950, research on Artificial Intelligence led to the development of such topics as Problem Solving and Symbolic Method. Towards the 5th, the United States Department of Defense focused on Artificial Intelligence. Because of this, they trained computers to imitate basic human reasoning. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency briefly completed the Street Mapping Project in the DARPA 1970. In 2003, they created the Intelligent Personal Assistant.  This is much earlier than Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, Google's Google Assistant or Cortana of Windows. Because of the previous reasons for artificial intelligence, the path of automation and formal rezoning used in computers has become much easier. The impact of the Decision Support System and Smart Search system are also noticeable.  There were some examples of artificial intelligence that were working on the neural network, from 1 to 5. Between 8 and 20, machine learning became popular. From 21st to the present, Artificial Intelligence has spread everywhere due to a breakthrough at deep learning.  Artificial Intelligence and the Present World AI is now a triumph in every industry. From hospitals to retail stores, AI is also being used. The Internet of Things has a lot of data. And AI can use these data to learn the patterns and bring them under different task automation. This opportunity is being used by various businesses nowadays. Despite the benefits of AI, many feel that the entire world will once again be in the possession of artificial intelligence. But it is important to know that Artificial Intelligence is not yet advanced enough to defeat the human brain in all respects. So there is no reason to fear.  How Artificial Intelligence is being used Demand for AI competencies in each industry has suddenly increased much more than ever before. Demand for AI is now high, especially in industries that require legal assistance, patent search, risk notification and medical research. How Does Artificial Intelligence Work?  AI works by automatically learning software from a pattern using intelligent algorithms to process large amounts of data quickly and precisely. The field of AI is so large that it has several large subfields. These fields have given Artificial Intelligence an almost perfect form. Challenges to Artificial Intelligence  Although the fate of the artificial intelligence industry is changing very fast, it is important to remember that this technology also has a limit. The main limitation of this is that it learns from the data. That means if there is a mistake in the data then the result will be wrong. Another limitation of Artificial Intelligence is that current AIs are created to perform a specific task. Therefore, he can't do anything other than that particular task. For example, AI created for chess will not play poker. The same AI system that is used to detect healthcare fraud cannot be used for tax fraud. So it becomes a bit expensive to build so many systems.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-09	Manish-Motwani-33	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is a concept , to make machines interact or behave like HUMANS . AI is simply replicating the gestures and the way humans interact and respond to the world . 1 . We start learning , walking , speaking etc.: Machines also learn , we call it : MACHINE LEARNING . 2.You go to a bakery , but which PASTRY to chose , you brain works , in the same way brain of machines work to decide , we call it : NEURAL NETWORKS. 3.We see a ghost movie , a thriller movie , a girl , a boy , a transgender or an animal , but how our eyes know them : This is we call it : COMPUTER VISION . Eyes become Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is a concept , to make machines interact or behave like HUMANS . AI is simply replicating the gestures and the way humans interact and respond to the world . 1 . We start learning , walking , speaking etc.: Machines also learn , we call it : MACHINE LEARNING . 2.You go to a bakery , but which PASTRY to chose , you brain works , in the same way brain of machines work to decide , we call it : NEURAL NETWORKS. 3.We see a ghost movie , a thriller movie , a girl , a boy , a transgender or an animal , but how our eyes know them : This is we call it : COMPUTER VISION . Eyes become lens of camera here . 4.Someone is sad or happy or just intense , this we call it : Face recognition and sentiment Analysis . 5 . You are watching a chess competition , both sides are competiting to get the king , how they decide and plan . In computer language we call it : DEEP LEARNING . 6.A small kid asks you for milk , or your grandpa asks for specs , we recognise their voices even it’s not as pure as ours , we call it : NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING . 7. You are already fantasising your holiday tour with friends , assuming you’ll have fun there in our minds, the same way data is visualised in the form of charts , tables etc. , we call it : DATA VISUALIZATION 8. Sun is on high but we had rain for three days and that too continuous , hence good to carry an umbrella . We call it in computer language :PREDICTIVE ANALYSIS . If you find it childish … Sorry but description ends here unless you add some complex terminologies and Enhance it’s grammer . Then too , Meaning will be same. PS : AI is itself a broad field collectively of all the above mentioned subjects . You can pursue AI application in one or more than one field . But make sure you master whatever you do .
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-08-12	Nitin-Shukla-44	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is nothing but a capability of machine by which that machine can learn continuously. here I would like to share about Hanson Robotics and its new BOT Sophia. Sophia bot is perfect in facial expression and a lot of features. But can we say that it is perfect AI bot. In general Artificial Intelligence can be classified in three categories. Low level Artificial Intelligence OR weak AI: It works in a focused zone. It doesn’t have any self-awareness, no learning capability and no genuine intelligence. SIRI is the best example for Low level Intelligence; it can perform a lot ofContinue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is nothing but a capability of machine by which that machine can learn continuously. here I would like to share about Hanson Robotics and its new BOT Sophia. Sophia bot is perfect in facial expression and a lot of features. But can we say that it is perfect AI bot. In general Artificial Intelligence can be classified in three categories. Low level Artificial Intelligence OR weak AI: It works in a focused zone. It doesn’t have any self-awareness, no learning capability and no genuine intelligence. SIRI is the best example for Low level Intelligence; it can perform a lot of task but fails in outside question.Strong Artificial Intelligence: It is equivalent to Human Brain. Generally it is referred as AI. So a simple question that how! Humans are Intelligent? According to spirituality Humans are intelligent due to these four things. MANAS,BUDDHI, CHITTA & AHAMKARA. MANAS means Doubt, Human start thinking when he faces any doubt. BUDDHI means analysing capability. It starts works after thinking. CHITTA means memory. It is used in analysis and the last one is AHAMKARA. It means “I Know” it is the end of all above process. So in terms of computer language it is an A.I. program which is running in all human brains and that make us intelligent.Ultimate Artificial Intelligence: Human brain also has some limitations. For example we can’t remember all things, we can distract easily, and we can’t work continuously and so on. So if we are talking about Ultimate Artificial Intelligence it means it is beyond Human Brain Intelligence. You have seen a Hollywood movie “LUCY”. It is a perfect example of Ultimate Intelligence.Second part of the question is why we do we need??? If machine will become more intelligent our interference is not required to perform some basic task and more intelligent machine will handle these task. It will enhance our capability to focus on those area where actually human intervention is required. For more details you can refer Artificial Intelligence !!! What is it and how it works? - Yantra
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-09-17	Kasper-Fredenslund	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The exact definitions are a bit fuzzy, but in general artificial intelligence can be said to be computers doing traditionally human task such as recognizing objects, translating text, understanding and writing in human languages, driving cars, playing games. Essentially things that are difficult to describe using discrete logic such as: if ( pixels.is("white") ){ 	image.has("snow"); } If you think about it, how would you describe that an image is of a cat based on a series of color values of the pixels in the image using a similar method to the one above? Seems difficult right? Artificial intelligenc Continue ReadingThe exact definitions are a bit fuzzy, but in general artificial intelligence can be said to be computers doing traditionally human task such as recognizing objects, translating text, understanding and writing in human languages, driving cars, playing games. Essentially things that are difficult to describe using discrete logic such as: if ( pixels.is("white") ){ 	image.has("snow"); } If you think about it, how would you describe that an image is of a cat based on a series of color values of the pixels in the image using a similar method to the one above? Seems difficult right? Artificial intelligence is the general solution to these problems (no matter the actual implementation of the solution). So artificial intelligence is a class of problems that traditional were thought to be reserved for “intelligent beings” as there wasn’t a strictly explicitly logical algorithm to solve the problem. Today, the most common approach to solving AI problems is using a class of algorithms called “machine learning algorithms”. These are based on statistical methods, and become more accurate with more experience (data).
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-14	Michał-Wyrobek-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Artificial intelligence (AI) is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. These processes include learning (the acquisition of information and rules for using the information), reasoning (using rules to reach approximate or definite conclusions) and self-correction. Particular applications of AI include expert systems, speech recognition and machine vision. A better way to think of artificial intelligence, is in how it’s leveraged to augment human intelligence, as developers keep creating new AI tools and functions, some have come to realize that m Continue Reading Artificial intelligence (AI) is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. These processes include learning (the acquisition of information and rules for using the information), reasoning (using rules to reach approximate or definite conclusions) and self-correction. Particular applications of AI include expert systems, speech recognition and machine vision. A better way to think of artificial intelligence, is in how it’s leveraged to augment human intelligence, as developers keep creating new AI tools and functions, some have come to realize that most of these applications do not seem to be a replacement of the human intelligence but geared towards assisting or improving human workloads and task. Hence a new development direction has been envisioned for the progression of AI as a whole towards creating tools, technologies, and innovations tailored to provide assistance over our baseline abilities. This idea is being driven by the fact that humans respond to other humans and not so much so to an AI that is fully autonomous. For example, a chatbot placed in sales will fail to make a small number of sales, if any, when compared to a person. But equip a person with augmented AI tools and the sales volume increases.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-04-14	Anusha-430	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create intelligent machines. It has become an essential part of the technology industry. Research associated with artificial intelligence is highly technical and specialized. The core problems of artificial intelligence include programming computers for certain traits such as: KnowledgeReasoningProblem-solvingPerceptionLearningPlanningAbility to manipulate and move objectsKnowledge engineering is a core part of AI research. Machines can often act and react like humans only if they have abundant information relating to the world Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create intelligent machines. It has become an essential part of the technology industry. Research associated with artificial intelligence is highly technical and specialized. The core problems of artificial intelligence include programming computers for certain traits such as: KnowledgeReasoningProblem-solvingPerceptionLearningPlanningAbility to manipulate and move objectsKnowledge engineering is a core part of AI research. Machines can often act and react like humans only if they have abundant information relating to the world. Artificial intelligence must have access to objects, categories, properties and relations between all of them to implement knowledge engineering. Initiating common sense, reasoning and problem-solving power in machines is a difficult and tedious approach.  Machine learning is another core part of AI. Learning without any kind of supervision requires an ability to identify patterns in streams of inputs, whereas learning with adequate supervision involves classification and numerical regressions. Classification determines the category an object belongs to and regression deals with obtaining a set of numerical input or output examples, thereby discovering functions enabling the generation of suitable outputs from respective inputs. Mathematical analysis of machine learning algorithms and their performance is a well-defined branch of theoretical computer science often referred to as computational learning theory. Machine perception deals with the capability to use sensory inputs to deduce the different aspects of the world, while computer vision is the power to analyze visual inputs with a few sub-problems such as facial, object and gesture recognition. Robotics is also a major field related to AI. Robots require intelligence to handle tasks such as object manipulation and navigation, along with sub-problems of localization, motion planning and mapping. Why We Need AI We are growing at a huge rate, say it in terms of population, scripted knowledge, tasks, etc. Increasing in scale also increases entropy in the system, demanding a huge number of tasks to be automated, and centralized. AI in simple words is implementing human senses in machines. Humans will surely benefit from AI. Though we are seeing automation of tasks is leading to job cutting, in the long term, it is going to turn out to be a major benefit. AI can surely process all trivial tasks at a huge pace compared to humans. Traffic Control, Automating Support, Automating Manufacturing, Fraud Detection, Imposing Laws without corruption, etc. It has many good uses. Learn More: Interesting facts about AI? Source & Credit: techopedia & Mandar Zope
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-07	Shruti-Singh-690	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is the future and When we talk about Future in the technological sense, what we often fail to realise is that we are already living in it.  AI and machine learning technologies are not something we only see in sci-fi movies, they have become today’s reality. Following are some of the use cases of AI and ML in today's world: Data Security - Malware is a never-ending problem in the digital realm. And machine learning algorithms can easily look for patterns in how data in the cloud is accessed and in return, report the anomalies that can be crucial to report security breaches.Personal security - AContinue ReadingAI is the future and When we talk about Future in the technological sense, what we often fail to realise is that we are already living in it.  AI and machine learning technologies are not something we only see in sci-fi movies, they have become today’s reality. Following are some of the use cases of AI and ML in today's world: Data Security - Malware is a never-ending problem in the digital realm. And machine learning algorithms can easily look for patterns in how data in the cloud is accessed and in return, report the anomalies that can be crucial to report security breaches.Personal security - Airport security can be fully replaced by machine learning and AI and ensure a greater security.Financial Trading - The mysteries of the stock market still remain unknown to many. Many prestigious trading firms use proprietary systems to predict and execute trades at high speeds and high volume. Many still rely on probabilities but that can be turned around anytime. And Nobody can beat a machine at processing huge amounts of data and give an outcome.Marketing personalisation - This is what is being done today. Where search engines study your behaviour patterns and on the basis of your age, geography, sex, etc, categorise your search results in a more personalised way. Same is the algorithm practised by Amazon’s product suggestions.These might not sound like something straight out of a star wars movie but when we think about it, we realise, From siri to Alexa, everything took a level of artificial intelligence to cater to us and this is in itself is a huge deal. Machines learning the behaviours we subconsciously display and act accordingly! I mean, That’s future right here!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-20	Charles-Bradley-18	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is artificial intelligence and why do we need it? Outside of the obvious, I would imagine that artificial intelligence would suggest a description of a system(s) that computes logic and accellerates our ability to approach answering some of the hard questions that ascend the individuals' capacity to process… At least that's my take. I have this perspective because we currently do not have all the tools to differentiate everything artificial from everything real, while simultaneously lacking any all encompassing definition of intelligence… Why do we need artificial intelligence? In my view, we Continue ReadingWhat is artificial intelligence and why do we need it? Outside of the obvious, I would imagine that artificial intelligence would suggest a description of a system(s) that computes logic and accellerates our ability to approach answering some of the hard questions that ascend the individuals' capacity to process… At least that's my take. I have this perspective because we currently do not have all the tools to differentiate everything artificial from everything real, while simultaneously lacking any all encompassing definition of intelligence… Why do we need artificial intelligence? In my view, we need artificial intelligence systems to unbiasedly break our established state of physics and intellectual perspectives that need to be broken and to evolve the state of physics and intellectual perspectives that need to be evolved. For example, artificial intelligence systems could universally democratize the peer review process via taking the power away from the few and distributing it to all. This avoids uncomfortable situations where the finality of novel research is potentially influenced by personal or group incentives as well as avoiding the powerful influences of existing capitalistic entities where the incentive to use resources to resist new research is fundamentally apparent by design… It also means that anyone in the world, any age, any education can submit computational logic to an artificial intelligence system and be peer reviewed on the spot. It actually means a lot of things, exponentially increasing our reasons of needing such systems of determination… Ideally, an artificial intelligence system will utilise the best of human abilities while avoiding the weakest human attributes like including incentives and selective logic in terms of the scientific method and general process… What was meant by breaking the established state of physics? When it comes to science and mathematics; if it can be broken, it will be broken. Neurokinesis: using consciousness to affect physical reality. Metaphysical? Not for birds or fish. If we measure the total energy (Hamiltonian = H) of a flock of birds in a measurable space throughout time, it should follow that Hfinal>(∑Hkinput)Hfinal>(∑Hkinput)H_{final}\gt \left(\sum H_{k input}\right). Which just means that the total energy consisting of the full flock of birds affecting physical reality is greater than the collective sum that consists of the energy of each individual bird. We can deduce this logically by recognizing the collective resonant frequencies generated by the flock being obviously greater than the generated frequencies created by the collective of the same amount of birds not in a flock. This example only addresses the actual physical mechanisms measurable with tools we can develop now. This says nothing of how the flock communicates. The flock consciousness so to speak… Does a single/individual bird control the flowing sometimes symmetric tandem motions of the entire flock? If that possibility has any merit, then it would follow that information can travel through time instantaneously. Are we ready to commit to that statement? If we aren't ready for that, then are we ready to acknowledge a collective consciousness that can affect reality? Hint: regardless of which of those two directions we take, our concept of physics will be forever evovled…After all, we have to break a few eggs if we wish to make an omelette right…. On the other hand, we can avoid breaking, rocking the boat, or disturbing anything by simply refusing to acknowledge that there exists physical plane measurement methodologies to analyze area's currently considered metaphysical in nature… It's good to have options. Although in my reality, when it comes to mathematical and scientific pursuits; I tend to not wish truth to be an option. When the truth is optional, we collectively may have a better understanding of why we actually need artificial intelligence or the conceptual likeness of…
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-18	Alexandra-Konovalenko	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a part of computer science and its researching the ways to simulate the human intelligence by machines. The aim of AI is to emulate human behavior, their cogitation patterns - to train machines to perform like a human, to do their tasks. To achieve the goal, machines follow some program instructions and use the data. People are learning from their previous experience. The experience of computers calls data. The process of teaching how to use this data is machine learning. It includes training samples of data. AI, for its work, needs granular, large volumes data with e Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is a part of computer science and its researching the ways to simulate the human intelligence by machines. The aim of AI is to emulate human behavior, their cogitation patterns - to train machines to perform like a human, to do their tasks. To achieve the goal, machines follow some program instructions and use the data. People are learning from their previous experience. The experience of computers calls data. The process of teaching how to use this data is machine learning. It includes training samples of data. AI, for its work, needs granular, large volumes data with extremely diverse data sources - to be able to find the historical patterns and learn to "build" predictive models of their own. In the process of AI development engineering, mathematics, biology, psychology science are using. AI is a common element of our everyday life. This one uses for: online shopping recommendations;predictive search terms;video games;chatbots;voice assistants such as Apple’s Siri, Amazon’s Alexa, Google’s Google Now;autopilots;face detection systems and other security checks at the airport.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-01-26	Kritika-Khandelwal-16	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is basically in the laymen’s term is making the machine learn and train it in order to make it a perfecto for long term aspect. If we work on one single thing for multiple years , we get awared about its faults, willings, belongings and superficiality and therefore we get experienced into the respective field up to the mark and master it. So, artificially they are been developed to master every case for which they are been developed and hence they work similar to human hands and ideologies and can determine the human mood and competencies. Similarly artificial intellige Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is basically in the laymen’s term is making the machine learn and train it in order to make it a perfecto for long term aspect. If we work on one single thing for multiple years , we get awared about its faults, willings, belongings and superficiality and therefore we get experienced into the respective field up to the mark and master it. So, artificially they are been developed to master every case for which they are been developed and hence they work similar to human hands and ideologies and can determine the human mood and competencies. Similarly artificial intelligence is a kind of practice by which we train a model or bot by providing it large amount of data which is been collected by the human beings itself. The language which is been adopted in training these models are python which is a kind of programming language and will a major discrete language in the upcoming 5–6 years. Aspiring for the large future goals attainment in the branch of IT , almost every big IT company is working and functioning to release their individual bots in the market. Amazon has already released its AI bot in the market and other IT companies are still in the race. Python is been taught in every training program been given to the youth of the country. Apple and Google are almost bonfire and worth in the race. Google has already introduced its bot in the market but it is not as effective as henceforth they are desiring for more supremacy. Machine learning is the backbone of this Artificial Intelligence branch.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-08-26	Pratibha-Singh-169	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks normally requiring human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages. It’s a fast-paced and challenging field that is making visible inroads into our everyday life. Natural language processing of the type used in smartphones or Google Translate has become commonplace. CAREER PROSPECT In recent years, Artificial Intelligence has turned from a niche area into mainstream computer science. Major companies such as Google, IBM, and Faceboo Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks normally requiring human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages. It’s a fast-paced and challenging field that is making visible inroads into our everyday life. Natural language processing of the type used in smartphones or Google Translate has become commonplace. CAREER PROSPECT In recent years, Artificial Intelligence has turned from a niche area into mainstream computer science. Major companies such as Google, IBM, and Facebook are now seriously investing in AI research. Both Google and Facebook have recently bought several AI start-ups. It is expected that AI will be at the heart of new IT developments in areas like knowledge automation, (semi-) autonomous vehicles, the Internet, and advanced robotics. INDUSTRY Graduates interested in a career in industry are well qualified for jobs in many different areas, such as banking, insurance, government policy, telecommunications, and consumer electronics. They may also find employment in agent-oriented software companies or companies specialising in the use of agent intelligence techniques. Their tasks may consist of developing new products and applications or directing such activities. Other possible opportunities include consultancy or creating a start-up company in an emerging market.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-30	Fazal-Aasar	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is basically name of coding in computer to perform several tasks or giving some other machine instructions about tasks through defining in the code. Artificial intelligence is different from machines in a way that it is just an advanced form of machine in which a code is generally focused toward making machine a self aware and self improving unit, just as we do being humans. Machines in past were defined with some specific purpose to do some specific task for making human life easier but now the approach has been altered a bit and now human want machines which evolve ov Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is basically name of coding in computer to perform several tasks or giving some other machine instructions about tasks through defining in the code. Artificial intelligence is different from machines in a way that it is just an advanced form of machine in which a code is generally focused toward making machine a self aware and self improving unit, just as we do being humans. Machines in past were defined with some specific purpose to do some specific task for making human life easier but now the approach has been altered a bit and now human want machines which evolve overtime by learning from the past incidents it witnesses. Programming languages used in artificial intelligence As per InfoWorld - Technology insight for the enterprise top languages which are used in artificial intelligence are: PythonJavaLispPrologBenefits of utilizing Artificial Intelligence There are several benefits associated with utilizing artificial intelligence in machines or robots.  Through utilizing artificially intelligence, machines would become self aware and would learn from its past mistakes from the data it has collected, so error and repetition of same mistakes would get reduced sharply.Machines are made of metal and intelligent machines can do hard work such as mining and exploration of natural treasures for in very challenging conditions as well.There are many repetitive jobs on which if artificially intelligent machines are placed then human can do some other work because these smart machines has very slight error chance in doing repetitive tasks.Artificially intelligent robots/assistants can help doctors by providing them with the assistance as they are having all the data on internet so that doctor do not miss anything and has all the available alternatives and scenarios in front of him/her.Artificial intelligence is helping humans in almost all fields and as much more advanced it would become that much better judgements and data would get available to the humans working in the field. Artificially intelligent machines are getting grip in almost all industries. There numerous other applications such as generating leads for the business as well which I believe can be really helpful for entrepreneurs and digital marketers who work day and night to generate leads for their business. To Read About How To generate Leads for Your Business Utilizing AI Read: How Artificial Intelligence is making the Process of Lead Generation Simpler?
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-05-27	Kaushiki-Shrivastava	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Swirling curiosity about the idea ‘machines can think’ of is nothing new. For centuries mankind has found different ways to turn dreams into reality. They want to provide the ability to think to “machines”. And no, the idea behind this is not to replacing human resources. The motive behind this is to try the fruits of unsurpassed convenience.  Isn't it just about convenience? From simple wheel invention to multi-story building invention, every part is about offering comfort. Similarly, the development of various technologies is another step towards achieving unprecedented growth and success. And  Continue ReadingSwirling curiosity about the idea ‘machines can think’ of is nothing new. For centuries mankind has found different ways to turn dreams into reality. They want to provide the ability to think to “machines”. And no, the idea behind this is not to replacing human resources. The motive behind this is to try the fruits of unsurpassed convenience.  Isn't it just about convenience? From simple wheel invention to multi-story building invention, every part is about offering comfort. Similarly, the development of various technologies is another step towards achieving unprecedented growth and success. And when we talk about success and development, how can we not talk about the remarkable union of business and artificial intelligence? However, for people still AI is a secret. That’s why I am removing the drapes from this aspect here. What is Exactly Artificial Intelligence? Alan Turing broke the Enigma Nazi encryption machine and helped the Allies win World War II. Right Less than a decade after he changed history for the second time with the simple question: “can machines think?" Turing's article "Computing Machinery and Intelligence" (1950) and his subsequent Turing test set the basic goals and vision of artificial intelligence. At its core, Artificial is a branch of computer science aimed at answering Turing's question in confirmation. The purpose is to replicate or emulate human intelligence in machines. The broad goal of artificial intelligence has raised many questions and debates. So much so that no singular definition of the field is generally accepted. A Modern authors Stuart Russell and Peter Norwig come up with a better answer by standardizing their work on intelligent agents in machines. As per them, Artificial intelligence is the study of agents that are capable of receive perception from environment and take required action.  Norwig and Russell examine four different approaches that have historically defined the field of AI: Think like humanSpeak thoughtfullyAct humanlyWork rationallyThe first two views understood anxiety processes and reasoning, while the others dealt with behavior. Patrick Winston, Ford Professor of Artificial Intelligence and Computer Science at MIT, defines AI as "algorithms that are made possible by boundaries and exposed by representations that support models that target loops That combines thinking, perception and action. " While these definitions may seem abstract to the average person, they help to focus the field as a field of computer science and provide a blueprint for machines and programs with machine learning and other subsets of artificial intelligence. In short: Anything done by machine or a computer program is Artificial intelligence. If a person does the same activity, then someone will say that a human being has to use intelligence to complete a task. This is clearly a broad definition, which is why you sometimes see arguments over whether AI actually exists. AI systems typically show at least some behaviors related to human intelligence: planning, knowledge representation, learning, thinking, movement and manipulation, problem solving, perception, and to some extent social intelligence and creativity. I am sure, now you would have understood that AI is nothing more than a strive to make machines like human. More simply, making machine as intelligent as human. Indeed, this is really exciting thought but can be dangerous in extreme cases.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-06-13	Bintu-Das-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that seeks to mimic human intelligence and thinking power by computer. Artificial intelligence has now become a field of academic learning where teaching is how to create computers and software that will demonstrate intelligence. Artificial intelligence is the process of manipulating human intelligence and thinking power by means of technology. The computer is brought into the mimics cognitive unit so that the computer can think like a human. Such as learning and problem solving. Artificial intelligence (AI) is the intelligence displayed b Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that seeks to mimic human intelligence and thinking power by computer. Artificial intelligence has now become a field of academic learning where teaching is how to create computers and software that will demonstrate intelligence. Artificial intelligence is the process of manipulating human intelligence and thinking power by means of technology. The computer is brought into the mimics cognitive unit so that the computer can think like a human. Such as learning and problem solving. Artificial intelligence (AI) is the intelligence displayed by the machine. In the case of computer science, the field of AI research defines itself as the study of the "intelligent agent": any device that can perceive its environment and take certain steps that go far beyond its success in achieving certain goals. The term "artificial intelligence" is applied when a machine performs "cognitive" functions that are similar to other people's minds, such as "learning" and "problem solving". Andreas Kaplan and Michael Henlin define artificial intelligence as "the ability to accurately interpret information outside of a system, to learn from such information, and to focus on flexible adaptations using that learning."
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-09-30	Haarika-Nori	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence Artificial Intelligence is a way of making a computer, a computer-controlled robot, or a software think intelligently, in the similar manner the intelligent humans think. AI is accomplished by studying how human brain thinks, and how humans learn, decide, and work while trying to solve a problem, and then using the outcomes of this study as a basis of developing intelligent software and systems. Applications of AI Gaming − AI plays crucial role in strategic games such as chess, poker, tic-tac-toe, etc., where machine can think of large number of possible positions based on Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence Artificial Intelligence is a way of making a computer, a computer-controlled robot, or a software think intelligently, in the similar manner the intelligent humans think. AI is accomplished by studying how human brain thinks, and how humans learn, decide, and work while trying to solve a problem, and then using the outcomes of this study as a basis of developing intelligent software and systems. Applications of AI Gaming − AI plays crucial role in strategic games such as chess, poker, tic-tac-toe, etc., where machine can think of large number of possible positions based on heuristic knowledge.Natural Language Processing − It is possible to interact with the computer that understands natural language spoken by humans.Expert Systems − There are some applications which integrate machine, software, and special information to impart reasoning and advising. They provide explanation and advice to the users. Vision Systems − These systems understand, interpret, and comprehend visual input on the computer. For example,A spying aeroplane takes photographs, which are used to figure out spatial information or map of the areas.Doctors use clinical expert system to diagnose the patient.Police use computer software that can recognize the face of criminal with the stored portrait made by forensic artist.Speech Recognition − Some intelligent systems are capable of hearing and comprehending the language in terms of sentences and their meanings while a human talks to it. It can handle different accents, slang words, noise in the background, change in human’s noise due to cold, etc.Handwriting Recognition − The handwriting recognition software reads the text written on paper by a pen or on screen by a stylus. It can recognize the shapes of the letters and convert it into editable text.Intelligent Robots − Robots are able to perform the tasks given by a human. They have sensors to detect physical data from the real world such as light, heat, temperature, movement, sound, bump, and pressure.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-11	Riley-Siebel	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a quality of human constructed artifacts. An artifact (e.g. computer) can be said to exhibit AI if it behaves in a manner that a human would consider “intelligent” in a particular domain. Unfortunately there isn’t really a better definition than that. For example, i can program a computer to play tic-tac-toe perfectly. This computer can be said to possess “artificial intelligence” even though it only follows simple rules that i program. Often, when people refer to AI in the modern context, they are really talking about Machine Learning (ML). ML is a technique for  Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence (AI) is a quality of human constructed artifacts. An artifact (e.g. computer) can be said to exhibit AI if it behaves in a manner that a human would consider “intelligent” in a particular domain. Unfortunately there isn’t really a better definition than that. For example, i can program a computer to play tic-tac-toe perfectly. This computer can be said to possess “artificial intelligence” even though it only follows simple rules that i program. Often, when people refer to AI in the modern context, they are really talking about Machine Learning (ML). ML is a technique for implementing artificial intelligence that involves presenting a computer with many samples of a domain coupled with an algorithm that seems to discover “insight” from these samples. For example, i can present a computer with thousands of images, many hundreds of which are images of cats. I may also program an algorithm the computer uses to “discover” certain qualities of “cats” so that later it can try to determine if a newly presented image is a cat or not.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-12	Sunay-Sawant-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 AI or Artificial Intelligence is widely used everywhere these days. With machine learning and AI proliferating further, it becomes important to use this technology in order to have an edge in the market. Artificial intelligence is the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks normally requiring human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages. 10 Ways to Grow Businesses By Integrating AI When equipped with Artificial Intelligence, even small businesses can grow up as a data-driven company to offer full-fl Continue Reading AI or Artificial Intelligence is widely used everywhere these days. With machine learning and AI proliferating further, it becomes important to use this technology in order to have an edge in the market. Artificial intelligence is the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks normally requiring human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages. 10 Ways to Grow Businesses By Integrating AI When equipped with Artificial Intelligence, even small businesses can grow up as a data-driven company to offer full-fledged services. There are 10 Ways to Grow Businesses By Integrating AI: Improve Sales PerformanceConvert Huge Data To Understand NarrativesAchieve Business Insights through Cloud DatabasesTo Create Better Stories Using AlgorithmsEnhances Personalized Customer ExperienceFor Improvising Consumer Communications With Chat-Based SolutionsTo Get Automated Data AnalyticsLower routine Tasks and Improve EfficiencyFor Anticipating Business OutcomesProvide Assistance In Real-TimeThere is no doubt that AI has a vital role to play in different applications of various business verticals, as it cuts down the costs while increasing the productivity. Regards, Sunay
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-02	Shah-Wajahat-4	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is Artificial Intelligence? AI will make Human Life much easier one day! Artificial Intelligence is simulation of Human intelligence and thinking abilities by machines, especially Computers. This is based upon learning (which is acquisition of provided information and using constraints and rules in order to implement it) and Reasoning based upon given tasks. Today AI is vastly growing in every field. Technologists and Programmers are developing such smart AI systems that can be used in fields of Economic, Medicine and even Law enforcement. Just think of a second that If a system is fed with e Continue ReadingWhat is Artificial Intelligence? AI will make Human Life much easier one day! Artificial Intelligence is simulation of Human intelligence and thinking abilities by machines, especially Computers. This is based upon learning (which is acquisition of provided information and using constraints and rules in order to implement it) and Reasoning based upon given tasks. Today AI is vastly growing in every field. Technologists and Programmers are developing such smart AI systems that can be used in fields of Economic, Medicine and even Law enforcement. Just think of a second that If a system is fed with enough data of medical treatment it can be deployed to such remote areas where you can't find a doctor for prescribing relevant medicine on spot easily. Artificially intelligent systems could save millions of lives when advanced in medical uses. Artificial Intelligence can be such strong one day that it can help understand complicated cases of economical crises and make better decisions then humans based on previously experienced data. Computers don't lie or try to cheat so it can also benefit in removing corruption with help of Artificial Intelligence. Read more at:What is Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-11-05	Roberta-Varney-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create intelligent machines. It has become an essential part of the technology industry. Research associated with artificial intelligence is highly technical and specialized. The core problems of artificial intelligence include programming computers for certain traits such as: KnowledgeReasoningProblem solvingPerceptionLearningPlanningAbility to manipulate and move objectsKnowledge engineering is a core part of AI research. Machines can often act and react like humans only if they have abundant information relating to the world Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create intelligent machines. It has become an essential part of the technology industry. Research associated with artificial intelligence is highly technical and specialized. The core problems of artificial intelligence include programming computers for certain traits such as: KnowledgeReasoningProblem solvingPerceptionLearningPlanningAbility to manipulate and move objectsKnowledge engineering is a core part of AI research. Machines can often act and react like humans only if they have abundant information relating to the world. Artificial intelligence must have access to objects, categories, properties and relations between all of them to implement knowledge engineering. Initiating common sense, reasoning and problem-solving power in machines is a difficult and tedious task. Machine learning is also a core part of AI. Learning without any kind of supervision requires an ability to identify patterns in streams of inputs, whereas learning with adequate supervision involves classification and numerical regressions. Classification determines the category an object belongs to and regression deals with obtaining a set of numerical input or output examples, thereby discovering functions enabling the generation of suitable outputs from respective inputs. Mathematical analysis of machine learning algorithms and their performance is a well-defined branch of theoretical computer science often referred to as computational learning theory. Read More: What is Artificial Intelligence (AI)? - Definition from Techopedia
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-15	Sukreeti-Singh	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is a way of making a computer or a software think intelligently, in the similar manner the intelligent humans think. AI is associated with superlative memory, calculative power, decision-making capacity, high speeds of action. some of the applications of AI AI plays crucial role in strategic games and it is being used in games such as chess, poker where machine can think of large number of possible positions based on empirical knowledge. It is possible to interact with the computer that understands natural language spoken by humans. E.g. Sophia is an AI based social humanoi Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is a way of making a computer or a software think intelligently, in the similar manner the intelligent humans think. AI is associated with superlative memory, calculative power, decision-making capacity, high speeds of action. some of the applications of AI AI plays crucial role in strategic games and it is being used in games such as chess, poker where machine can think of large number of possible positions based on empirical knowledge. It is possible to interact with the computer that understands natural language spoken by humans. E.g. Sophia is an AI based social humanoid robot. There are some applications which integrate machine, software, and special information to impart reasoning and advising. E.g. Google search engine. AI is being used by Doctors as clinical expert system to diagnose the patient. AI based Robots are able to perform the tasks given by a human. They have sensors to detect physical data from the real world such as light, heat, temperature and movement etc. They are capable of learning from their mistakes and they can adapt to the new environment. The giant leaps in AI The rise of AI importance in health and medicine is clearly evident. It was recently reported that heart diseases can be predicted with machine learning. Health care and medicine become affordable and accessible with AI taking centre stage in telemedicine and quick diagnosis. Water and energy networks become accessible and widely usable when AI can mediate the use of different sources. AI machines can replace humans to physically go to, and service, remote locations. AI is in a nascent stage and is being shaped by innovators across the world. There will be many kinds of AI and many kinds of species augmented by AI. It’s important to get more people to participate in the building and shaping of AI. Inclusive AI will mean that more of society will be able to enjoy its benefits and participate in shaping the future. Strong and weak AI We have “weak AI” all around us from translation Apps to facial recognition on social networks. AI has just become a buzzword for any form of algorithmic decision-making or usage of big data combined with self-improvement. Weak AI builds on mathematical techniques. Apart from computational power, AI requires numerous amounts of data to learn. This data can either be generated by the machine itself or it has to be provided data. Strong AI is a type of ‘thinking’ machines‘. By using AI Google is helping all persons with hearing impairment; by using AI for real-time image recognition, visually impaired persons are provided a chance to have the world in front of them narrated to them. The beneficial uses of AI cannot be denied. Despite the beneficial uses of AI, scientists and leading thinkers like Stephen Hawking, Nick Bostrom, and Elon Musk warn us about the dangers of AI and the coming technological singularity. concerns about AI AI is an attempt to create super intelligent machines that can do things far better than humans. But the real worry about these technologies is the emphasis on intelligence rather than other characteristics of human beings. AI has not been used to get rid of poverty, to have more equitable distribution of wealth, or to make people more content with what they have. The types of AI we have, including war machines, will primarily be dictated by profit for the companies that make them. Being human is about living with others and learning to live within our limitations. Vulnerability, decay and death characterise any living form. Super intelligent AI machines may harm this balance. These thinking machines may know how to manipulate humans to the extent that humans will not be able to see their negative effects. All technologies come with a cost (not just economic but also social and psychological) and we have very little idea of the cost that AI will extract from us. What is the need of the hour? Ethical norms regarding uses of AI and our ability to regulate them in an intelligent and beneficial manner should keep pace with the fast changing technological capabilities. That is why we need AI researchers to actively involve ethicists in their work. Some of the world’s largest companies like Baidu, Google, Alibaba, Facebook, Tencent, Amazon, Microsoft are cornering the market for AI researchers. They also need to employ ethicists. Additionally, regulators across the world need to be working closely with these academics and citizens’ groups to put brakes on both the harmful uses and effects of AI. For governments to regulate, we need to have clear theories of harms and trade-offs, and that is where researchers really need to make their mark felt: by engaging in public discourse and debate on what AI ethics and regulation should look like.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-10-01	Bryan-Martin-179	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The world is slowly moving towards the biggest change where technology will be taking over the charge for most of the work. We may new developments that have transformed the lives of an individual. Whether its self-driving car, Siri or Alexa, everything is a live example of Artificial Intelligence which has transformed the way things operate. Its time that business & economies start embracing AI as it promises huge benefits for the business. And make their business operations more productive. It is essential to mention here that some work requires human skills while others work on technologies Continue ReadingThe world is slowly moving towards the biggest change where technology will be taking over the charge for most of the work. We may new developments that have transformed the lives of an individual. Whether its self-driving car, Siri or Alexa, everything is a live example of Artificial Intelligence which has transformed the way things operate. Its time that business & economies start embracing AI as it promises huge benefits for the business. And make their business operations more productive. It is essential to mention here that some work requires human skills while others work on technologies like AI. Although, we have seen some massive transformation in the businesses, at the same time there is a section of society which feels nudged by the growth of this technology. So, here we will be unfolding whether AI is a competitor or collaborator. Artificial Intelligence is the computer machine which work like a human. That machine think fast and working fast as compare to humans. That machine help in everything like speech recognition, problem solving, and learning & planing. They will change the future of every humans and they help too much to humans solve their any problem or finding anything. Thank You.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-09-22	David-Wright-261	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The Machines are coming to kill us - oh no they’re not. Elsewhere in these ramblings I have mused on how Science has had FIFTY YEARS (since Hal 9000 showed us the potential future, courtesy of Arthur C. Clarke) to unravel the secrets of our Upper Brains – and whilst it has had no problem locating our Lower Brains and REPRODUCING them, in the form of COMPUTERS – it has singularly FAILED to make a DENT in duplicating their more elevated brethren, with their artistry, intelligence - even consciousness. But it occurs that said failing not only leads us to the conclusion that the Upper Brain is not i Continue ReadingThe Machines are coming to kill us - oh no they’re not. Elsewhere in these ramblings I have mused on how Science has had FIFTY YEARS (since Hal 9000 showed us the potential future, courtesy of Arthur C. Clarke) to unravel the secrets of our Upper Brains – and whilst it has had no problem locating our Lower Brains and REPRODUCING them, in the form of COMPUTERS – it has singularly FAILED to make a DENT in duplicating their more elevated brethren, with their artistry, intelligence - even consciousness. But it occurs that said failing not only leads us to the conclusion that the Upper Brain is not in the cranium (see my pieces on the Soul and Afterlife – we borrow the former and there IS NO latter) it also demolishes the notion that we will EVER develop AI. Now of course, there are many who claim they USE it NOW, in their machines – but they are SALESMEN. Fact is, there are a number of large cash prizes awaiting anyone who can demonstrate TRUE AI – and all go unclaimed. AI does NOT EXIST. Par exemple; “Artificial Intelligence is whatever hasn’t been done yet.” Larry Tesler. And this is A GOOD THING – because while many celebrated Brains (even Hawking) have claimed the beginning of the start of AI will be the beginning of the END of US – and Science Fiction is filled with examples of same – it would appear that we are all SAFE from mechanical annihilation. Just so long as AI CONTINUES to elude our Science…
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-10-12	Kristine-Kho-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	If you are like me who is struggling to understand all of the AI-related terms (I have business and marketing background), then this article is for you. Techopedia[1] define artificial intelligence as an area of computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent machines that work and react like humans. Some of the activities computers with artificial intelligence are designed for include: Speech recognitionLearningPlanningProblem solvingBut due to the popularity and hype of AI, the term “artificial intelligence” has been misused to describe almost kind of computerized analysis or automa Footnotes[1] What is Artificial Intelligence (AI)? - Definition from TechopediaContinue ReadingIf you are like me who is struggling to understand all of the AI-related terms (I have business and marketing background), then this article is for you. Techopedia[1] define artificial intelligence as an area of computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent machines that work and react like humans. Some of the activities computers with artificial intelligence are designed for include: Speech recognitionLearningPlanningProblem solvingBut due to the popularity and hype of AI, the term “artificial intelligence” has been misused to describe almost kind of computerized analysis or automation, regardless of whether the technology can be described as “intelligent”. If you define “intelligence” as “human-level intelligence”, then by that definition we don’t have artificial intelligence today.[2] There are two categories in AI: (1.) Artificial General Intelligence or “Strong AI”, and (2) “Weak AI” or “Narrow AI”. “Strong AI” refer to a human-level intelligence capable of abstracting concepts from limited experience and transferring knowledge between domains. What we currently have today is “Weak AI” since the systems are designed to address a specific task. You can read more on “Strong AI” and “Weak AI” here. Footnotes[1] What is Artificial Intelligence (AI)? - Definition from Techopedia[2] WTF Is Artificial Intelligence?! - TOPBOTS
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-07-17	Gaurav-Mathur	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial General Intelligenceâ€™, a computer program thatâ€™s smart in at least the same ways as humans. In particular, it can look at the world, figure out how it works, make long-term plans about how to affect the world, invent new devices and technologies, and so on. Whatever it is about human brains that enabled us to start from forests and fur skins, and get to spaceships and nuclear power plants, Artificial General Intelligence has that too. An â€˜advanced agentâ€™ or â€˜smarter-than-human AIâ€™ has more of that, and can make better technologies faster, or more cunning plans. The human  Continue ReadingArtificial General Intelligenceâ€™, a computer program thatâ€™s smart in at least the same ways as humans. In particular, it can look at the world, figure out how it works, make long-term plans about how to affect the world, invent new devices and technologies, and so on. Whatever it is about human brains that enabled us to start from forests and fur skins, and get to spaceships and nuclear power plants, Artificial General Intelligence has that too. An â€˜advanced agentâ€™ or â€˜smarter-than-human AIâ€™ has more of that, and can make better technologies faster, or more cunning plans. The human species adapts the world to itself rather than having to adapt to the world. Machine learning is going to take that to a whole new level, which is that the world adapts itself to you. When you go into a car or enter a new environment, whether on or offline, it will automatically configure itself for you. A lot of the battles we have today with information overload, or things going wrong, wonâ€™t happen anymore. Youâ€™ll just be happier and more productive.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-07-23	Prithvi-Singh-79	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Introduction Artificial Intelligence is the branch of computer science concerned with making computer behave like humans.Artificial Intelligence refers to the ability of a machine to perform cognitive tasks like thinking, perceiving, learning, problem-solving and decision making.Important Today, the amount of data that is generated by both humans and machines is far outpaced humans' Ability to absorb, interpret, and make a complex decision based on that data. Artificial Intelligence forms the basis for all computer learning and is the future of all complex decision making.Current status of India Continue ReadingIntroduction Artificial Intelligence is the branch of computer science concerned with making computer behave like humans.Artificial Intelligence refers to the ability of a machine to perform cognitive tasks like thinking, perceiving, learning, problem-solving and decision making.Important Today, the amount of data that is generated by both humans and machines is far outpaced humans' Ability to absorb, interpret, and make a complex decision based on that data. Artificial Intelligence forms the basis for all computer learning and is the future of all complex decision making.Current status of India in AI India is one of the emerging countries in the field of AI. Since 2017 NITI ayog showed more interest in it. We are working to apply AI into the field of Railway, Defense sector, Cyber Security, Medical Sector & Agricultural sector. Indian colleges and schools have started adopting AI in their curriculum in shorter extinct. India has signed MOU regarding AI with European countries, Japan, South Korea and the USAChallenges facing India Lack of technological advancement.Lack of awareness within the public leads to trust issues.Lack of skilled professional in the field of AI.Lack of funding and capital investment.Fear of Job loss within people due to AI.Very few institutes offering this course in India.Solutions The government should provide funding to PSUs & low rate interest-based loans to startups and IT companies in the field of AI.There should be proper marketing & advertisement of AI product by which the Indian public will develop their interest & it will lead to trust-building.The government should give specific funding in the budget in the field of artificial intelligence by which Infrastructure and advance technology brought to the Indian institution to make youth skilled in AI.AI should be limited to a specific area by which there will be no job loss.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-01-15	Pratik-Das-44	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The Artificial intelligence (AI) is the intelligence exhibited by machines or software.There are few examples of it in real life which work very efficiently and in wondrous ways. This AI system have applications in many fields and so work in many fields.One of them is linguistics. Chatterbot:  A chatterbot (also known as a talkbot, chatbot, Bot, chatterbox, Artificial Conversational Entity) is a computer program which conducts a conversation via auditory or textual methods. Such programs are often designed to engage in small talk with the aim of passing the Turing Test by fooling the conversatio Continue ReadingThe Artificial intelligence (AI) is the intelligence exhibited by machines or software.There are few examples of it in real life which work very efficiently and in wondrous ways. This AI system have applications in many fields and so work in many fields.One of them is linguistics. Chatterbot:  A chatterbot (also known as a talkbot, chatbot, Bot, chatterbox, Artificial Conversational Entity) is a computer program which conducts a conversation via auditory or textual methods. Such programs are often designed to engage in small talk with the aim of passing the Turing Test by fooling the conversational partner into thinking that the program is a human.  Some chatterbots use sophisticated natural language processing systems, but many simply scan for keywords within the input and pull a reply with the most matching keywords, or the most similar wording pattern, from a textual database. Watson:   The best real life example I know is IBM Watson .Watson is a question answeringcomputer system capable of answering questions posed in natural language.  Watson competed on American television game show- Jeopardy! against former winners Brad Rutter and Ken Jennings.Watson received the first place prize of $1 million.Watson had access to 200 million pages of structured and unstructured content consuming four terabytes of disk storage including the full text of wikipedia, but was not connected to the Internet during the game.The sources of information for Watson include encyclopedias, dictionaries, thesauri, newswire articles, and literary works. Watson also used databases, taxonomies, and ontologies.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-03-22	Sagar-Virmani-6	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is trying to make machines learn like humans do. Humans always have been learning linearly since the time when they came into existence but the graph has been increasing exponentially at a much faster rate. Plot a exponential graph in your mind and compare to the linear graph. It’s all about data. We are evolving in the age of information and data. There are several algorithms being built at a large scale. Imagine, if this would continue and the processing of data continues like this. It takes only a few seconds or minutes to feed entire amount of text to the machine and as the computing is  Continue ReadingAI is trying to make machines learn like humans do. Humans always have been learning linearly since the time when they came into existence but the graph has been increasing exponentially at a much faster rate. Plot a exponential graph in your mind and compare to the linear graph. It’s all about data. We are evolving in the age of information and data. There are several algorithms being built at a large scale. Imagine, if this would continue and the processing of data continues like this. It takes only a few seconds or minutes to feed entire amount of text to the machine and as the computing is now growing at a much faster scale and due to the development going on in the field of quantum computing. The hard problems which could take millions of years to compute are being done in some hours of time. The processing is beyond the level of human mind. Although not as good as humans are now. But the time is not far when AI will have the capabilities of that of a super human. There will be evil forces who will design the evil AI. There will be good AI and evil AI. The fight between good and evil will continue but in the future the fights will be in space.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-05-13	Keiland-Cooper	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Really depends on the context. Generally speaking, AI is simply the persuit of replicating intelligence. Right now, humans are the benchmark because, well, there really aren't many other species which compare cognitively. The main method we've been using to persue AI is computer science, although the claim that engineering more generally takes credit could be asserted, as the early automota used mechanisms and gears as opposed to programmable circuits. All said it just depends on your own personal definitions for the subfields. Through com sci however, which really was first designed with AI in m Continue ReadingReally depends on the context. Generally speaking, AI is simply the persuit of replicating intelligence. Right now, humans are the benchmark because, well, there really aren't many other species which compare cognitively. The main method we've been using to persue AI is computer science, although the claim that engineering more generally takes credit could be asserted, as the early automota used mechanisms and gears as opposed to programmable circuits. All said it just depends on your own personal definitions for the subfields. Through com sci however, which really was first designed with AI in mind (see Turings first papers, and see Von Neuman's last papers), we've built the modern economy and world. Yet, many would agree we're still quite far from achieving our goal of the replication of intelligence. We can play chess, identify animals from photos, and drive giant cars on Mars, but even some of the simplest tasks for us, say walking while drinking, would take 2 PhD students 5 years to build (depending on the specific problem). But this brings us to the why. Why AI? A simple answer would be that computers have helped make the world a completely different, and arguably better, place than before. So making them smarter should only extend that. Beyond this though, I think there is something much deeper. Building AI means to persue building something by which we ourselves are defined. Probably second to neuroscience, which quite literally is the persuit of the brain, AI is the persuit of other brains, other minds. It's not artificial, as the name implies, but rather synthetic. We are quite literally building what could be likened to an alien species, the first inorganic intelligence. I think this is something everyone should get excited about.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-06-19	Puneeth-Reddy-72	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The fifth generation of computer is known as the AI(artificial intelligence) what is artificial intelligence?? AI is the artificial making of intelligence like reacting like humans, voice identification and many more. Intelligence is something which humans have like problem solving, reasoning, learning and many more. what is the status of AI in the world?? In today's world, AI is still in developmental process. Humanoid robots are being developed to react like humans and do better things than humans. With this developing speed we are estimated to get an advanced AI by the next five years. Japan is Continue ReadingThe fifth generation of computer is known as the AI(artificial intelligence) what is artificial intelligence?? AI is the artificial making of intelligence like reacting like humans, voice identification and many more. Intelligence is something which humans have like problem solving, reasoning, learning and many more. what is the status of AI in the world?? In today's world, AI is still in developmental process. Humanoid robots are being developed to react like humans and do better things than humans. With this developing speed we are estimated to get an advanced AI by the next five years. Japan is developing AI in a good pace and is trying to be a role model to the world in the field of AI Where all will the artificial intelligence be used?? The humanoid robots are beleived to be used in army to prevent life loss of humans, in hospitals to work as experts, in factories as assistants and in homes as servants. AI is believed to make our lives easy. AI will have a very good scope in the future as people beleive that AI is going to change our lives.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-05-30	David-F-Prenatt-Jr	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is artificial intelligence? Thanks for the "ask to answer." Artificial intelligence (AI) is a term that is used to describe the area of cognitive science that hopes to reverse engineer human intelligence and/or create a smarter than human intelligence by artificial means. The products of this area of cognitive science are also referred to collectively as AI or individually as "an AI." Needless to say, what constitutes and/or passes for human intelligence is a question that is central to AI, including tasks such as natural language processing (NLP), problem solving, learning, and perception  Continue ReadingWhat is artificial intelligence? Thanks for the "ask to answer." Artificial intelligence (AI) is a term that is used to describe the area of cognitive science that hopes to reverse engineer human intelligence and/or create a smarter than human intelligence by artificial means. The products of this area of cognitive science are also referred to collectively as AI or individually as "an AI." Needless to say, what constitutes and/or passes for human intelligence is a question that is central to AI, including tasks such as natural language processing (NLP), problem solving, learning, and perception of an intelligent agent's environment. The scope of AI is disputed: as machines become increasingly capable, tasks considered as requiring "intelligence" are often removed from the definition, a phenomenon known as the AI effect, leading to the quip, "AI is whatever hasn't been done yet." For instance, optical character recognition is frequently excluded from "artificial intelligence", having become a routine technology. Capabilities generally classified as AI as of 2017 include successfully understanding human speech,competing at the highest level in strategic game systems (such as chess and Go, autonomous cars, intelligent routing in content delivery network and military simulations. Artificial intelligence - Wikipedia
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-05-29	Swapnil-Bhagwat-25	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence technology definition can be put in these simple words - it is a computer program that creates machines that creates think and work like humans. Some of the activities that machines powered by artificial intelligence can do are as follows: Speech recognitionLearning about a problem from given dataPlanning a future taskProblem-solvingAI is a vast field of study and it includes many theories and technologies before it is programmed to act in a way it is expected to be. They are: Machine learningDeep learningNeural networksNatural language processing.Machine Learning: It is t Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence technology definition can be put in these simple words - it is a computer program that creates machines that creates think and work like humans. Some of the activities that machines powered by artificial intelligence can do are as follows: Speech recognitionLearning about a problem from given dataPlanning a future taskProblem-solvingAI is a vast field of study and it includes many theories and technologies before it is programmed to act in a way it is expected to be. They are: Machine learningDeep learningNeural networksNatural language processing.Machine Learning: It is the scientific study of algorithms and statistics, that a computer used to perform a certain task. The program is not specified, The machine tends to change and correct itself based on experience and example. Deep Learning: It is a broader part of machine learning that teaches the computer to perform task naturally as humans. Neural Networks: It is one of the most important parts of machine learning. It finds data patterns, which are complex for human brains and teach the machine to recognize it. Natural Language Processing: It means communicating with the machine using natural language like English, Spanish, German and so on. **It is important to note that artificial intelligence and machine learning are not the same. People tend to confuse it as the term are correlated and often comes in the search related to big data or data analytics.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-04-27	Kranthi-Kumar-1872	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Thanks for A2A  What is artificial intelligence ? Why it became integral part of several research projects and many more? How it works ? like many questions arises from many who are not belongs to Tech and many who are not that aware of AI. I will try to give complete overview of what is this all about . Several years ago , Concepts like Artificial intelligence (AI) is just a science fiction. But the things got changed and now it became of the essential and integral part of the world especially in Business and research project. People are talking a lot in recent decade . Even many governments are Continue ReadingThanks for A2A  What is artificial intelligence ? Why it became integral part of several research projects and many more? How it works ? like many questions arises from many who are not belongs to Tech and many who are not that aware of AI. I will try to give complete overview of what is this all about . Several years ago , Concepts like Artificial intelligence (AI) is just a science fiction. But the things got changed and now it became of the essential and integral part of the world especially in Business and research project. People are talking a lot in recent decade . Even many governments are planning to add AI from school level What is Artificial Intelligence? Basically AI is the technique of putting human abilities into machines so that we can handle critical situation with the best decisions . It has the ability to process the depth of the information with quick reaction time and gives effective conclusions. This technology follows variety of behaviors of associated with human brain ,including learning ,planing ,problem solving ,reasoning ,manipulation ,motion ,knowledge representation etc How it works? It works by processing the lot of amount of data with the help of sophisticated algorithms that runs fast and interative manner to provide the ddesired output quickly. AI is very vast subject and complex .It uses various approaches , processes and technologies AI has four categories Reactive machine (Based on the current data with precise care of present situation. Ex- Deep blue -IBM chess program)Limited memory (uses data from the memory and make precise decisions Ex- self driving car)Theory of mind (concerned with the emotional intelligence-Yet to be evolved for the best output which usually uses in psychology)Self Aware (It performs using consciousness and self awarenes- not exist yet)Some of the major sub-fields in AI are Machine learningA neural networkDeep learningCognitive computingComputer visionNatural language processing (NLP) etcIn past we (human) keep on believing that computers could not be powerful than human. But now even small machines are performing great tasks. Because of ultimate potential of AI we are handling complex computations . AI IS GOING TO BE THE FUTURE Some of the results where we use this technology - Mobile Check Deposits ,Fraud Prevention ,Facebook, Instagram, Plagiarism Checkers, Smart Email Categorization, Voice-to-Text, Smart Personal Assistants etc If you want to Learn more about Artificial intelligence, Here i am attaching some articles and textbooks SAS: Analytics, Artificial Intelligence and Data Management Artificial Intelligence Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach (2nd Edition): Russell, Stuart, Norvig, Peter: 9780137903955: Amazon.com: Books Code for Paradigms of Artificial Intelligence Programming Happy reading :)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-16	Arihant-Jain-315	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	According to Merriam-Webster Dictionary, Artificial Intelligence is — an area of computer science that deals withgiving machines the ability to seem like they have human intelligence. According to Wikipedia it is — intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and other animals.According to me it is — the ability of a machine or a computer program to think and learn. The concept of AI is based on the idea of building machines capable of thinking, acting, and learning like humans. A more nuanced definition is that artificial Intelligence studies th Continue ReadingAccording to Merriam-Webster Dictionary, Artificial Intelligence is — an area of computer science that deals withgiving machines the ability to seem like they have human intelligence. According to Wikipedia it is — intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and other animals.According to me it is — the ability of a machine or a computer program to think and learn. The concept of AI is based on the idea of building machines capable of thinking, acting, and learning like humans. A more nuanced definition is that artificial Intelligence studies the possibility of creating machines capable of interacting with their environment and acting upon the received data in the a manner considered intelligent. Example of Artificial Intelligence — Tesla’s self driving car. Alexa Social media feed {like the suggestions we get} Online Ads Google Maps Smart Drones Etc etc…. and there are many such examples. I hope you get it. Thank you for reading.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-10-16	Jordan-Bennett-9	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Artificial intelligence refers to brain based applications or smart apps, that is, software/hardware based on the biological brain. There are two main types of brain inspired computer apps aka smart apps: Artificial Narrow Intelligence (ANI): This type of smart app can do individual thinking or cognitive tasks well. Examples include self driving cars, google digital assistant, artificial disease diagnosers like IBM Watson and so on.Artificial General Intelligence (AGI): This type of smart app doesn’t yet exist, but is being worked on by very smart people from Microsoft, Google etc. This smart apContinue Reading Artificial intelligence refers to brain based applications or smart apps, that is, software/hardware based on the biological brain. There are two main types of brain inspired computer apps aka smart apps: Artificial Narrow Intelligence (ANI): This type of smart app can do individual thinking or cognitive tasks well. Examples include self driving cars, google digital assistant, artificial disease diagnosers like IBM Watson and so on.Artificial General Intelligence (AGI): This type of smart app doesn’t yet exist, but is being worked on by very smart people from Microsoft, Google etc. This smart app will be better at humans at most if not all cognitive tasks instead of being better at humans at individual thinking tasks like driving cars! A Google Director of Engineering, Ray Kurzweil predicts the emergence of AGI by the year 2029, using his famous Law Of Accelerating Returns Graph. Using the graph he also accurately predicted the emergence of the internet.Notably, the more scientists build on ANI, the more we tend towards AGI.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-17	Pradnya-More-27	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Basically, Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the capacity of a machine or a PC program to think and learn. The idea of AI depends on building machines fit for considering, acting, and learning like people. Benefits of Artificial Intelligence and machine learning solutions : Improved Data AccuracyVisible Increase in Cost-savingsImproved Quality, Reliability and EfficiencyDeeper Insight into Customer DataEnhanced Customer Service ExperienceA more nuanced definition is that Artificial Intelligence is an interdisciplinary idea that reviews the likelihood of making machines fit for associating with the Continue ReadingBasically, Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the capacity of a machine or a PC program to think and learn. The idea of AI depends on building machines fit for considering, acting, and learning like people. Benefits of Artificial Intelligence and machine learning solutions : Improved Data AccuracyVisible Increase in Cost-savingsImproved Quality, Reliability and EfficiencyDeeper Insight into Customer DataEnhanced Customer Service ExperienceA more nuanced definition is that Artificial Intelligence is an interdisciplinary idea that reviews the likelihood of making machines fit for associating with their condition and following up on the got information in a way thought to be keen. While a few people dishonestly think about AI as an innovation, the more exact methodology would consider it to be a wise idea in which machines can manage errands in a way we would call savvy or brilliant. There are sure things a machine/PC program must be fit for to be viewed as AI. To start with, it ought to have the capacity to mirror the human point of view and conduct. Second, it should act in a human-like manner—smart, sound, and moral. For more information please visit Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-10-01	Ayaz-Amin-5	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) is a broad term that refers to any artificial algorithm that can perform tasks that are otherwise only solvable by biological organisms (including humans). For example, if I give you a picture of a cat, you would recognize it to be a cat. On computers, you may be able to construct complex logic to distinguish between cats and dogs. In the real world however, things get messy. What if I gave the algorithm a black and white picture of a cat or dog? What if the picture upside down? What if I gave it a completely different picture? The rules that the algorithm are given Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence (AI) is a broad term that refers to any artificial algorithm that can perform tasks that are otherwise only solvable by biological organisms (including humans). For example, if I give you a picture of a cat, you would recognize it to be a cat. On computers, you may be able to construct complex logic to distinguish between cats and dogs. In the real world however, things get messy. What if I gave the algorithm a black and white picture of a cat or dog? What if the picture upside down? What if I gave it a completely different picture? The rules that the algorithm are given would start to break. That is when you need algorithms that mimic biological intelligence. This is where artificial intelligence comes into play. Simple algorithms like linear regression (line of best fit) to complex networks such as Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) are able to solve such problems, ranging from predicting the age of a person to beating the best Go player in the world. I hope you learned the basics of artificial intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-06-11	Aarish-Singh-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is one of the most popular and widely used words in Science and Technology. It is the branch of Computer Science which deals with creating Machines as intelligent as human beings. Artificial Intelligence (AI) makes it possible for Machine to learn from experiences and perform human like tasks such as learning, reasoning and self correction by adjusting itself to new inputs. John McCarthy coined the term ‘Artificial Intelligence’ in 1956 at the Dartmouth Conference. It has wide applications viz in Healthcare, Education, Financial Sector, Legal Sector, Aviation, Manufacturin Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is one of the most popular and widely used words in Science and Technology. It is the branch of Computer Science which deals with creating Machines as intelligent as human beings. Artificial Intelligence (AI) makes it possible for Machine to learn from experiences and perform human like tasks such as learning, reasoning and self correction by adjusting itself to new inputs. John McCarthy coined the term ‘Artificial Intelligence’ in 1956 at the Dartmouth Conference. It has wide applications viz in Healthcare, Education, Financial Sector, Legal Sector, Aviation, Manufacturing etc. Healthcare – Artificial Intelligence or Machine Intelligence is used in healthcare sector for diagnosis of diseases more accurately, faster and cheaper. It is used in managing medical records, doing repetitive jobs (such as analyzing tests, X-Rays,CT Scans etc), Digital Medical Consultation(Babylon in UK), Health Monitoring (Wearable health trackers), Precision Medicine etc. Education – AI is used in education sector in creating Intelligent Tutoring Systems(ITS) which include natural language processing, Intelligent Language Tutoring Systems (ILTS), Machine Learning etc.. It is also used in grading and evaluating marks thus saving times for faculty members and also helping in assessing students, smart learning and problem solving. Financial Sector – In finance sector, it is used in data mining, market analysis, algorithmic trading, portfolio management, credit underwriting etc. Banking Industry is rapidly adopting Artificial Intelligence such as humanoid robots and other interactive interfaces for providing financial advice and services. Legal Sector – Legal Sector is far behind in adapting the AI, automation and digitization can help in faster resolution of pending cases while analyzing cases resulting in better use of time and more efficient processes. Aviation – AI is used in Air Operations Division for combat and training simulators, mission management aids, support systems for tactical decision making etc. It is also used in Air Traffic Controllers. Intelligent Autopilot System (IAS) is being designed which will help to create more autonomous autopilot to assist pilots in responding to emergency situations. Manufacturing – In manufacturing sectors, Artificial Intelligence is used in supply chain, design team, production line, and quality control. With Virtual Reality, people can not only perform testing in virtual world but also do simulation and product creation to reduce the manufacturing time drastically. Automation and Internet of Things (IoT) can help the manufacturing industry reach a high level of accuracy and productivity beyond human ability. With Robotics, every stage of manufacturing is monitored with the help of sensors and data is shared with AI and analytics software for enhanced output, defect detection and faster corrective action leading to more efficient production cycle.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-19	Stefan-Bradstreet	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is Artificial Intelligence? At its core Artificial Intelligence is the ability for a machine to simulate human intelligence processes to understand multiple auditory, visual, and internal inputs, search for patterns in information, and to self-correct. This will enable computers to react to our world similar to how humans would with the goal of improving our lives and the world around us. Why study Artificial Intelligence? As computer systems get more evolved in terms of their processing and storage abilities and the way humans can get them to behave through advanced coding algorithms and op Continue ReadingWhat is Artificial Intelligence? At its core Artificial Intelligence is the ability for a machine to simulate human intelligence processes to understand multiple auditory, visual, and internal inputs, search for patterns in information, and to self-correct. This will enable computers to react to our world similar to how humans would with the goal of improving our lives and the world around us. Why study Artificial Intelligence? As computer systems get more evolved in terms of their processing and storage abilities and the way humans can get them to behave through advanced coding algorithms and optimizations; AI systems will be more common in our day to day lives. Whether it’s talking to your smart digital assistance who can answer most questions in seconds, applications that can recommend what movie you should watch next based on your history and the history of people that have also watches similar things, or cars that can stop on your behalf when it detects a deer darting across the road at night; these AI driven applications are our future More at: Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-11-28	Bruno-Mirchevski	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 First off, the artificial intelligence is sometimes called machine intelligence. Simply put, artificial intelligence is either a machine, robot or a software if you will, that function based on the data it has. Artificial intelligence is everything that functions automatically because it already has the necessary information in order to properly behave. Let's take the example of the chat-bots you can find of almost any website you open. Those bots are trained to reply to you. And their words always make sense, right? Well, that's due to the fact that they already have the data they need, inserted Continue Reading First off, the artificial intelligence is sometimes called machine intelligence. Simply put, artificial intelligence is either a machine, robot or a software if you will, that function based on the data it has. Artificial intelligence is everything that functions automatically because it already has the necessary information in order to properly behave. Let's take the example of the chat-bots you can find of almost any website you open. Those bots are trained to reply to you. And their words always make sense, right? Well, that's due to the fact that they already have the data they need, inserted. So, when you type ''Hello'' they have the same function installed to reply with a ''Hello'' back. If you proceed to ask them ''How are you?'' , because they are robots with commands, they will process your words and reply with whatever was previously put under that command. It can either be ''Good, you?'' or ''I'm fine. What about you?''. I hope this kind of cleared up the things a little bit. Now, why do we need artificial intelligence? I am not sure the humanity really need it. At least -needed it. However, things have changed. In our modern society, the artificial intelligence became a necessity. It is something we are all addicted to. Whether we need it for work, or for personal needs, the artificial intelligence is all around us. Today, we have smart TVs and phones and fridges. We monitor our homes from the other side of the World. We check grammar mistakes in a matter of a second and recognize images with the speed of the light. All of this is artificial intelligence, believe it or not. So, this leads me to the statement that we do need the artificial intelligence - nowadays. But hey! There's nothing wrong about it. According to me, we DO really need it because of one simple reason- It makes our lives easier. Don’t you agree?
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-02	Kokil-Talukdar-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: Artificial intelligence, it is the science and engineering of making machines, especially with computer programming. An American Scientist, John McCarthy was known as the father of Artificial Intelligence. Artificial Intelligence is an area of making a computer science. In another word, it is a computer controlled robot, which thinks smartly as like as a normal human being.  APPLICATIONS OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: Nowadays Artificial Intelligence is progressing rapidly. From Google’s Home device to self-driving cars, it includes the most of the technical parts of t Continue ReadingWhat is ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: Artificial intelligence, it is the science and engineering of making machines, especially with computer programming. An American Scientist, John McCarthy was known as the father of Artificial Intelligence. Artificial Intelligence is an area of making a computer science. In another word, it is a computer controlled robot, which thinks smartly as like as a normal human being.  APPLICATIONS OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: Nowadays Artificial Intelligence is progressing rapidly. From Google’s Home device to self-driving cars, it includes the most of the technical parts of the world. As time changes, the countries also growing technologically. In today's developed world, various types of applications of AI using in our human life to make their life easy. I give you some point with a short description below. Such as... 1. In Gaming: AI plays critical roles in some video gaming factor. Such as computer-based chess, sudoku etc.Various types of gaming device like Playstation by Sony, Xbox 360 by Microsoft etc. All of these games use sensor technology to detect players movement. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: THE NEXT STAGE OF HUMAN REVOLUTION
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-11-07	Misam-Abidi	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I will answer your question in reverse, why do we need it? Well the fact based chronological answer is that Ai is the next step in biological evolution, yes you heard me right, not technological evolution but biological evolution. On that note its not a need but more of an unavoidable must. Let me clarify, there was the big bang then atoms and rocks and minerals and unicellular organisms and plants and birds and mammals and then humans showed up (somewhat in that sequence)..whats next…advanced humans with smart hardware/software/wetware tech and finally a completely functional Ai. Even if we ar Continue ReadingI will answer your question in reverse, why do we need it? Well the fact based chronological answer is that Ai is the next step in biological evolution, yes you heard me right, not technological evolution but biological evolution. On that note its not a need but more of an unavoidable must. Let me clarify, there was the big bang then atoms and rocks and minerals and unicellular organisms and plants and birds and mammals and then humans showed up (somewhat in that sequence)..whats next…advanced humans with smart hardware/software/wetware tech and finally a completely functional Ai. Even if we are handing the keys away to the next apex, it cant be stopped, it never has stopped. Did humans not become apex themselves. Evolution keeps on moving forward, i also doubt we need to fear the process, just as apes did not really need to fear the arrival of homo sapien nor will we need to fear the arrival of a true Ai because it will not be at war with us, are we at war with the apes (only in the movies). It is the growth of conciousness at play and as such an Ai will only be an extension of humanity so that even the distant stars are finally reachable by whatever it is that abides in us all. And to the next most important part of your question about what an Ai is well the answer im going to give you hopefully dies with you but alas scientists will eventually figure it out. Before we talk about artificial “intelligence” we need to define what intelligence is and the kicker here is no Turring or any other hot shot is on the right mark to define intelligence because if they defined it then by now we would have a working AI. If i were to ask you what intelligence is our standard responses are along the lines of the ability to adapt to situations or maybe the ability to recognize patterns etc etc but the one question no body is asking is WHY..why does intelligence exist or why should a computer care to be an Ai? The answer lays in us or rather in the precept of evolution. What basic principle does evolution work on? Survival and then the survival of the fittest! Because of the need of survival we learn to adapt and make decisions. All our intelligence is really a byproduct of the one phenomenon which is the need to survive. The rest over time happens on its own. What does this mean? For a true Ai we will need to program the prime directive as survive at all costs and input fear of death then watch how spontaneously intelligence catches up to par. Instead of focusing on HOW to make the machine intelligent if the scientists simply asked the right question as in WHY should there be intelligence and what causes intelligence, then putting the programming together with the correct parameters in the right direction and….its only a matter of little time that you will have a self aware and self surviving intelligent Ai. All our added intelligences and the achievements that it heralds is at its roots because of our intrinsic need to survive, you may not feel that way about the vacuum cleaner or the microwave but if you look deeply and simply, it is all an offshoot of natures need to survive and fear of death. Input this need in any system and the system will indeed express signs of what we call intelligence today. We have over eons conquered the Earth but we have no power over space and other hazardous environments. Only a machine can solve this. Our bodies also eventually die and wither away, again only a machine will be able to answer the needs of a never ending body and the ability to transfer conciousness. If evolution is the mechanism of the universe and survival is the game then obviously immortality is the end result. To achieve this final fiet the universe will have to utilize Ai but it wont be the end of humanity rather it will be the next step evolution takes towards its goal of immortality. If your occular systems are functioning then this should compute.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2010-08-03	Monica-Anderson	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Marvin Misky has been credited with a statement similar to John's, something along the lines of "to make computers be capable of doing things that when done by a human, would be thought to require intelligence". I think this is the worst possible definition since it makes playing chess and solving integrals be AI but walking four blocks, deciding which newspaper to buy, chatting with a couple neighbors, and then making dinner, reading the paper, and enjoying a concert on TV are NOT AI. Computers can today play chess and solve integrals but can do none of the latter. A much better definition of  Continue ReadingMarvin Misky has been credited with a statement similar to John's, something along the lines of "to make computers be capable of doing things that when done by a human, would be thought to require intelligence". I think this is the worst possible definition since it makes playing chess and solving integrals be AI but walking four blocks, deciding which newspaper to buy, chatting with a couple neighbors, and then making dinner, reading the paper, and enjoying a concert on TV are NOT AI. Computers can today play chess and solve integrals but can do none of the latter. A much better definition of AI would be, IMO, "To make computers easily do all that which comes easy to humans". Computers need to be able to read, write, navigate a changing world full of other agents with goals at odds with its own, to *learn* how to walk gracefully, to get better at any task *with practice*. These are all human traits that underlie our ability to learn to play chess and solve integrals. Starting with the final skill (logic based reasoning, math, games) is the wrong approach. AI should be based on educating a simple machine capable of learning anything. This is much easier than we have previously thought.  See http://artificial-intuition.com http://videos.syntience.com http://monicasmind.com for more details.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-01-29	Faraz-Haider-8	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is becoming increasingly popular across the world - here are all the latest news and developments you need to know about Far from being the stuff of science-fiction, artificial intelligence, or AI, is becoming an increasingly common sight in today's world. Combining the latest powerful software with top-of-the-range hardware, AI tools are being used to transform many areas of everyday life, from healthcare to traffic problems. But what is AI, and how is it being used today? Here is our guide to everything you need to know, and some of the most innovative and interesting use cases around today.  Continue ReadingAI is becoming increasingly popular across the world - here are all the latest news and developments you need to know about Far from being the stuff of science-fiction, artificial intelligence, or AI, is becoming an increasingly common sight in today's world. Combining the latest powerful software with top-of-the-range hardware, AI tools are being used to transform many areas of everyday life, from healthcare to traffic problems. But what is AI, and how is it being used today? Here is our guide to everything you need to know, and some of the most innovative and interesting use cases around today. What is AI? For years, it was thought that computers would never be more powerful than the human brain, but as development has accelerated in modern times, this has proven to be not the case. AI as a concept refers to computing hardware being able to essentially think for itself, and make decisions based on the data it is being fed. AI systems are often hugely complex and powerful, with the ability to process unfathomable depths of information in an extremely quick time in order to come to an effective conclusion. Thanks to detailed algorithms, AI systems are now able to perform mammoth computing tasks much faster and more efficiently than human minds, helping making big strides in research and development areas around the world. Some of the most notable real-world applications of AI are IBM's Watson, which is being used to power research in a huge range of fields, with Microsoft's Azure Machine Learning and TensorFlow also making headlines around the world. But AI-powered smart assistants are becoming a common presence on mobile devices too, with the likes of Siri, Cortana and Alexa all being welcomed into many people's lives. There seems no limit to the applications of AI technologies, and perhaps the most exciting aspect of the ecosystem is that there's no telling where it can go next, and what problems it may ultimately be able to solve.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2014-09-03	Keinosuke-Johan-Miyanaga-宮永-ヨハン-計之介	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is an apple? "Apple" is a collection of symbols, a pattern, and a code. It is an interface to the concept that evokes everything an apple is to you and your computational system. It is that thing we can pick from trees and eat, but that is only one encoding of the concept which we have happened to directly associate to a physical entity our system can distinguish from other entities. And when we identify one, the internal code is triggered and associated with the physical object automatically and immediately.  What is artificial intelligence? AI is as the apple, an expression that provides Continue ReadingWhat is an apple? "Apple" is a collection of symbols, a pattern, and a code. It is an interface to the concept that evokes everything an apple is to you and your computational system. It is that thing we can pick from trees and eat, but that is only one encoding of the concept which we have happened to directly associate to a physical entity our system can distinguish from other entities. And when we identify one, the internal code is triggered and associated with the physical object automatically and immediately.  What is artificial intelligence? AI is as the apple, an expression that provides an interface to all things the phrase evokes in our minds. Some are intentional, some are unintentional. And what is evoked differs based on the decoder of the message. What we do with the message is another issue, and how we express or articulate our response, is again another. The above is just a small sample of what we know regarding how intelligence works. What we know is not enough. But once we have the science down, then we can begin the engineering, and the application of the science. This application is the technology, and the technology is what will help us make artificial intelligence a physical reality. That machine is to artificial intelligence, as that apple in your fruit bowl is to apple. We don't have it yet, but we will get there.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-14	Ashish-Nayakidi	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence Artificial intelligence is also known as machine intelligence. Artificial intelligence or A.I, in short, is the intelligence demonstrated by machines in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans. It is one of the most sought areas in the field of science. While many people are welcoming it, some are afraid of its advent. While some scientists say that the future is A.I and many say that this particular A.I can cause an end to our mankind. Artificial intelligence can be classified as two types: Weak A.I or specific A.I: As the name suggests, this kind of A.I h Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence Artificial intelligence is also known as machine intelligence. Artificial intelligence or A.I, in short, is the intelligence demonstrated by machines in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans. It is one of the most sought areas in the field of science. While many people are welcoming it, some are afraid of its advent. While some scientists say that the future is A.I and many say that this particular A.I can cause an end to our mankind. Artificial intelligence can be classified as two types: Weak A.I or specific A.I: As the name suggests, this kind of A.I has narrow applications and can be used for specific purposes only. This kind of A.I is being used extensively. Big industrial giants like Google, Tesla, Uber have already started using A.I to develop "Self driving cars". Tesla is currently using level 2 autonomous driving capability. Musk ,CEO of Tesla, has stated that the company aims to achieve level 5 fully autonomous driving capability by 2019. Another example is Siri, the virtual assistant. Strong A.I or general A.I: This is A.I at its best. This kind of A.I has enough intelligence to find a solution when presented with an unfamiliar task. This kind of A.I exhibits behavior at least as skillful and flexible as humans do. A good example for this kind is Sophia, the robot. Sophia was able to answer many questions spontaneously. In fact this is the first robot to receive a national citizenship. Stephen hawking once famously quoted that, "The development of full Artificial intelligence could spell the end of human race". Many scientists firmly believe that A.I could actually end our mankind. Many industrialists also predicted that A.I will dominate us in the upcoming future in working sector. So if A.I is a threat to us why are we striving har for advancements in this particular field? As already said A.I is of two types. Actually the 1st kind doesn’t pose any threat literally. Because everything is pre-programmed. For example the A.I used in self driving cars cannot be used as surgical bots, for performing surgeries. Whereas in contrast the second kind cannot be constrained by us. It has its own ability to take decisions. Since we cannot control them, chances are they might mess up things and turn against us. Recently, A.I researchers at Facebook designed bots such that they can communicate among themselves. But they had shut them down because the bots were communicating in a language that the researchers were unable to crack. So, in the end we can undoubtedly say that A.I is the future and it can be a beautiful one. But if we fumble it, A.I can be devastating.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-10	Deepjoy-Ghosh	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Artificial Intelligence is the most important name the modern technological era. Everything we see today have a circuit by which it is to be controlled, which is the brain of that tool, this is called the processor. But a processor is pre programmed and not capable of doing a task or react against a sudden out of the book situations. Here comes the Artificial Intelligence. We humans are developed enough to react against any kind of situation in different manner. No matter if we have faced the situation or not. This inbuild reaction, learning at the point and decision making is what makes us dif Continue Reading Artificial Intelligence is the most important name the modern technological era. Everything we see today have a circuit by which it is to be controlled, which is the brain of that tool, this is called the processor. But a processor is pre programmed and not capable of doing a task or react against a sudden out of the book situations. Here comes the Artificial Intelligence. We humans are developed enough to react against any kind of situation in different manner. No matter if we have faced the situation or not. This inbuild reaction, learning at the point and decision making is what makes us different from any other animal or Intelligent System. But artificial intelligence is a system programmed to learn from it's environment and pre set conditions, by failing to complete the task many times just like humans and react accordingly when time comes, with much more precession than humans. These kind of systems are used in every smart device available today, in space science, navigation technology, business development, financial ferms to predict market growth, for stock market analysis and many more. Artificial Intelligent Systems are at the core of many robots, autopilot aircrafts and cars. To know more about this topic feel free to check my blog on What An Artificial Intelligence Can Do . Technology , Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-03-01	Sarah-Taylor-1441	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is artificial intelligence? What Is Artificial Intelligence? The Process of Artificial Intelligences Artificial Intelligence is the brainchild of Dr. Stephen Hawking. Its main objective is to simulate human intelligence. This goal is far from achieving because humans are so much smarter than computers. Many people still think that human and artificial intelligence is a false concept and that the software will never be as smart as the human brain. However, that's not true.  It has been proved over again that intelligent computer programs can mimic our behaviour. Some examples of these programs Continue ReadingWhat is artificial intelligence? What Is Artificial Intelligence? The Process of Artificial Intelligences Artificial Intelligence is the brainchild of Dr. Stephen Hawking. Its main objective is to simulate human intelligence. This goal is far from achieving because humans are so much smarter than computers. Many people still think that human and artificial intelligence is a false concept and that the software will never be as smart as the human brain. However, that's not true.  It has been proved over again that intelligent computer programs can mimic our behaviour. Some examples of these programs are in the form of Jeopardy, Chess, Word, and even poker. In fact, many online games such as Farmville and Words with Friends allow the AI to play against humans. At the end of the day, it is an intelligent machine trying to act and do the same as a human would. It is a new development in technology which makes games easier to play by human. It is even being used in many academic researches. They are helping in the advancement of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. If you want to understand what is artificial intelligence, you have to be a little skeptical and not too close minded about it. It is not a religious concept. It is not only a matter of difference between man and machines, but also a matter of consciousness being integrated into machines to make them more advanced and superior to us. When you think about it, this is the whole essence of mankind. We are all responsible for the progress of technology and how it works in society. The better we are able to integrate with machines, the better we are able to control them. I hope this answer would help you but if you need any more explanation then feel free to ask me. If you want more knowledge to build your own website then visit my Quora profile or visit HWINFOTECH If you like the answer please follow me on Quora for more answers like these. Thank you
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-02-26	Akshay-Yaravalli-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence:  AI is a field that branches out from computer science that entirely focuses on making machines learn from experience. AI is based on huge sets of data that enables machines to get insights and help them learn. A British scientist named Alan Turing was the first to dive into the research of AI. AI has a long and remarkable history with it’s first to mention dating back to a conference at Dartmouth College, New Hampshire, 1956. Categories of AI In the current day, AI is commercialized as a technology while research continues into exploring the other applications of it. As pe Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence:  AI is a field that branches out from computer science that entirely focuses on making machines learn from experience. AI is based on huge sets of data that enables machines to get insights and help them learn. A British scientist named Alan Turing was the first to dive into the research of AI. AI has a long and remarkable history with it’s first to mention dating back to a conference at Dartmouth College, New Hampshire, 1956. Categories of AI In the current day, AI is commercialized as a technology while research continues into exploring the other applications of it. As perceived by researchers, these are the categories AI can be split into : Reactive AI: Reactive AI systems do what they are created for. They do not have any variability based on the past. The chess-playing computer from IBM ‘Deep Blue’ can be classified as Reactive AI. Limited Memory AI: These are machines that possess the ability to analyse the past but in a limited timeframe. It can be found in technologies like self-driving cars. Theory of Mind AI: This is a state being developed that helps AI to understand thoughts, emotions & intentions of humans. Self-Aware AI: Researchers suppose this is the most possible advanced extent an AI can go to form a representation of themselves and feel conscious. This stage is also at its early phase. AI Capabilities & various branches Machine learning: This combines deep learning, supervised and unsupervised learning. Natural Language processing: Referred to as NLP which includes content extraction, machine translation and classification. Vision: This is based on vision-aided machines and image recognition Speech: Technology for speech-to-text and text-to-speech capabilities. I’m not wondering why everyone’s talking about the benefits of AI, most of us are astonished by the different ways that AI helps us in our daily life. Be it as simple as asking Siri to schedule an upcoming meeting or as intense as carrying out an automated robotic surgery with minimal/zero risk. But did you know that the same machine that aids mankind for the good is being used in equal or even more ways for harmful & dangerous activities? I believe there’re many answers here that support the benefits of AI, so do I. But It is also important to know its dangers so that we can prepare for the future outcomes and utilize AI for good. Read 11 Dangers of AI: All the Dangers of AI everyone should know about.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-12-02	Henk-Koppelaar	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	To enable answering this by yourself, ask the analogical question “What are artificIal muscles? How do they work?” Answering the analogy is easy: kinetic equipment/machines do the work, previously done by our muscles. Examples of such machines are cranes (for our lifting), cars (for our walking), elevators (for climbing stairs), etc. The answer to your question then emerges: artificIal intelligence does our mental work. Examples are help with our book keeping, our banking, helping in our smartphone (hence 'smart'), helping to figure out here we are (GPS and applications), what we like to buy (pro Continue ReadingTo enable answering this by yourself, ask the analogical question “What are artificIal muscles? How do they work?” Answering the analogy is easy: kinetic equipment/machines do the work, previously done by our muscles. Examples of such machines are cranes (for our lifting), cars (for our walking), elevators (for climbing stairs), etc. The answer to your question then emerges: artificIal intelligence does our mental work. Examples are help with our book keeping, our banking, helping in our smartphone (hence 'smart'), helping to figure out here we are (GPS and applications), what we like to buy (promoting advertisements via our past search behavior on the internet). AI is helpful to make avatars on screen such that they are optimized for the audience. The brief version is: AI helps is to reduce/replace mental tasks : Computing/searching/drawing/figuring out/designing/engineering/mathematics/… And how it works? Via electrical circuitry enhanced with interfaces for us. And if only machines are users of an AI? Then it is called embedded. This is the main bulk of traffic over the internet: machines talk to machines. Otherwise the whole population of the earth would be needed on switch boards for our communication by texting/talking/viewing/searching . . .
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-03-21	Sachin-Bikerboyz	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	We all know that Artificial intelligence (Machine intelligence) is a technology that reacts like human. There is a another golden era in artificial intelligence because Millions of people are being invested in artificial intelligence industries which are start ups. Multinational companies are struggling over $20 billion in artificial intelligence in recent days. Now they are realizing benefits of AI. We will find AI in each and every sector voice search , facial recognition or even search that is being typed in a search engine. AI is helping banks, doctors, farmers and even entrepreneurs. AI wi Continue ReadingWe all know that Artificial intelligence (Machine intelligence) is a technology that reacts like human. There is a another golden era in artificial intelligence because Millions of people are being invested in artificial intelligence industries which are start ups. Multinational companies are struggling over $20 billion in artificial intelligence in recent days. Now they are realizing benefits of AI. We will find AI in each and every sector voice search , facial recognition or even search that is being typed in a search engine. AI is helping banks, doctors, farmers and even entrepreneurs. AI will increase productivity and wealth in assembly and countries. Who got the best infrastructure and podium clouds for Either AI family is now also agitation ground in the blacken. Corporate can improve their customer. They will save costs, lower prices, drive revenues and sell mend products and services powered by AI. If millions of companies interest this worst in class free AI software then they are likely to strait share of computing power. And they should have excellent navigational dexterity to craft headlong of the giants or sail different house. for more info visit our blog:Who Is Going To Make Money In Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-14	Marco-Ghislanzoni-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	As they often say in the sector, when it is on PowerPoint is Artificial Intelligence, when you do it is Machine Learning. After Blockchain faded away, Artificial Intelligence seems to be the new hype. Reality is that AI is here to stay and here is why. Artificial Intelligence is about building machines that can exhibit a human-like behavior. What that actually means is lacking consensus even among the experts. Does it mean a machine can think? Speak? Feel? Be moody? There are many flavors of Artificial Intelligence. An AI that would exhibit a human-like behavior and be virtually indistinguishabl Continue ReadingAs they often say in the sector, when it is on PowerPoint is Artificial Intelligence, when you do it is Machine Learning. After Blockchain faded away, Artificial Intelligence seems to be the new hype. Reality is that AI is here to stay and here is why. Artificial Intelligence is about building machines that can exhibit a human-like behavior. What that actually means is lacking consensus even among the experts. Does it mean a machine can think? Speak? Feel? Be moody? There are many flavors of Artificial Intelligence. An AI that would exhibit a human-like behavior and be virtually indistinguishable from a “traditional” human being is referred to as a General AI. General AI’s are often represented in movies because this is what intrigues and scares people. It is a kind of holy grail and we are nowhere near it. Some think we will never be and, even if it would be possible one day, it should be forbidden by regulation. What we are building more and more of recently are so called Narrow AI’s. These are highly specialized Artificial Intelligences that are very good at doing one thing and one thing only. It could be playing Go or recognizing faces, driving a car around or ingesting million of documents in matter of seconds. These AI’s can learn something without explicitly being taught about it, just by trying it over and over unti they become good at it. In that sense they are like humans (ok, more like babies or children), but only for that very specific task. That’s all they can do. Once they have learnt it, they can repeat it over and over without getting tired and with a higher and higher level of accuracy. The current AI’s are far from perfect. Like humans, they have limitations too. For example, they can be induced into having hallucinations. How? Convolutional Neural Networks, a type of Deep Learning algorithm often used for image recognition (think Google Image Search), can be tricked by a specifically forged and apparently random image into believing that is a cat. To any non-drunk human it would be 100% clear that the image does not depict a cat at all, but the AI is absolutely convinced about it. A more appropriate definition of AI would be Augmented Intelligence. A special computer software designed to learn autonomously and continuously, used by humans to become more efficient in their tasks. AI can take on the most boring and repetitive parts of the job and let us deal with the more creative aspects of it.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-08-05	Keshav-Janjam	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence,some times called machine intelligence,is intelligence demonstrated by machines ,In contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and other animals .Any device that percieves its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully acieving its goal. The study and research about artificial intelligence started in 1956 and it has evolved into a greater extent and its future applications will help humans transform the world completely into automated machine intelligence era. Today artificial intelligence is helping us in sloving problems and ass Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence,some times called machine intelligence,is intelligence demonstrated by machines ,In contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and other animals .Any device that percieves its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully acieving its goal. The study and research about artificial intelligence started in 1956 and it has evolved into a greater extent and its future applications will help humans transform the world completely into automated machine intelligence era. Today artificial intelligence is helping us in sloving problems and assisting to achieve tasks in various fields,In health care doctore are using AI to execute operations and prescribe medications accurately on target and treating cancers and newly evolving diseases,In automative industry design and manufacturing of cars ,automated carsrun on AI,In finance and and commerce our central banking systems,market predictions are done with the help of AI,In military operations drones play a important role in eliminating threat,AI equipped drones can keep an eye on enemy 24/7 with out human interference,In UK-2016 some online gambling companies were using AI to predict the customer behavior to target them with certain products.worlds most advanced architectural marvels build today are designed with the assistance of AI,In meteorology and seismology AI is used to predict upcoming natural disasters.  AI works on most complex set of logical nueron structures that bind them to work and execute functions of knowledge representation,problem solving,planning,learning,reasoning,natural language processing,perception,motion and manipulation,social Intelligence and general intelligence. Artificial intelligence helps us in moving forward and technological advancement of human society and many of world renowned scientists and tecnology geeks are skeptical about future of AI,physcist stephen hawking,bill gates, spacex founder elon musk raised concerns about AI,hawking theorizing that this could ‘’spell the end of the human race’’. Economists predict all over the world 400 million people jobs are lost in near future due to automationwith the help of artificial intelligence. ‘’science of today is technology of tommorow’’ AI can improve or devastate humans ,Technolgy is used and maintained by humans and consequences too. images source-google images
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-10	Snehlata-Sinha-4	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is the techniques that help machines and computers mimic human behavior so that they can function intelligently and independently. Basically we can say AI is enabling the devices to be smart. This is done using various machine learning and deep learning techniques. There are various parts to it: 1. Speech Recognition: humans can speak and listen to communicate through language this is the field of speech recognition. Much of speech recognition is based on statistics hence it's called statistical learning. 2. Natural Language Processing (NLP): humans can write and read text Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is the techniques that help machines and computers mimic human behavior so that they can function intelligently and independently. Basically we can say AI is enabling the devices to be smart. This is done using various machine learning and deep learning techniques. There are various parts to it: 1. Speech Recognition: humans can speak and listen to communicate through language this is the field of speech recognition. Much of speech recognition is based on statistics hence it's called statistical learning. 2. Natural Language Processing (NLP): humans can write and read text in a language this is the field of NLP or natural language processing 3. computer vision: humans can see with their eyes and process what they see this is the field of computer vision. 4. Robotics: humans can understand their environment and move around fluidly this is the field of robotics. 5. Pattern Recognition: humans have the ability to see patterns such as grouping of like objects this is the field of pattern recognition machines are even better at pattern recognition because they can use more data and dimensions of data this is the field of machine learning Artificial intelligence is going to be used in everything. Let’s see the example: If a car has intelligence built in, if it can see the world, so looking at what's on the road, looking at you as the driver, and being able to anticipate and course correct when something goes wrong, something jumps into the road. These functionalities of autonomous vehicles of any kind is not going to be autonomous without artificial intelligence. Today, machines are smart. And they're smart because of AI. Please upvote, if you found answer helpful.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-03-23	Abhishek-Kumar-Singh-1287	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is Artificial Intelligence? This technology is a branch of computer science, which allows the creation of intelligent machines. It is all about the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines. Earlier this was only about computers but now it is being utilized in various machinery. The processes of AI include learning on available information, reasoning- utilization of a predefined set of rules to reach on the conclusion, and self-correction. Specifically, expert systems, machine vision and speech recognition are some specific applications of AI. Researches associated with this te Continue ReadingWhat is Artificial Intelligence? This technology is a branch of computer science, which allows the creation of intelligent machines. It is all about the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines. Earlier this was only about computers but now it is being utilized in various machinery. The processes of AI include learning on available information, reasoning- utilization of a predefined set of rules to reach on the conclusion, and self-correction. Specifically, expert systems, machine vision and speech recognition are some specific applications of AI. Researches associated with this technology are immensely specialized and technical. They are being made to address the core issue that is programming computer for achieving certain traits such as: * Knowledge* Learning* Reasoning* Perception* Problem-solving* Planning* Ability to manipulate and move objects This technology is categorized in two- Weak or Strong. Weak AI is also referred to as narrow AI, it includes an AI system that is trained and designed for a specific task…….. To know more click here - Artificial Intelligence Technology – Major Components
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-16	Akshay-Verma-438	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	In computer science, artificial intelligence (AI), sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans. Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is often used to describe machines (or computers) that mimic "cognitive" functions that humans associate with the human mind, such as "learning" and "problem solving".[ As machines become increasingly capable, tasks considered to require "intelligence" are often removed from the definition of AI, a phenomenon known as the AI effect. A quip in Tesler's Theor Continue ReadingIn computer science, artificial intelligence (AI), sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans. Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is often used to describe machines (or computers) that mimic "cognitive" functions that humans associate with the human mind, such as "learning" and "problem solving".[ As machines become increasingly capable, tasks considered to require "intelligence" are often removed from the definition of AI, a phenomenon known as the AI effect. A quip in Tesler's Theorem says "AI is whatever hasn't been done yet."For instance, optical character recognition is frequently excluded from things considered to be AI, having become a routine technology.[4] Modern machine capabilities generally classified as AI include successfully understanding human speech, competing at the highest level in strategic game systems (such as chess and Go),autonomously operating cars, intelligent routing in content delivery networks, and military simulations.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-01-23	Michiel-van-der-Blonk	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It’s best to drop this whole term at all. Let’s just say there’s “machine learning”. This is much more accurate: computer programs that learn. They can learn in many ways, and whether we find that ‘intelligent’ or not is a very subjective thing. If I write a chess program that can beat players by memorizing lots of games and following rules, calculating the best move, some people would say “wow, that’s intelligent”. But that program is not learning anything, so it’s not using machine learning. Self driving cars use a lot of machine learning, but because it seems so natural for us to drive a car, Continue ReadingIt’s best to drop this whole term at all. Let’s just say there’s “machine learning”. This is much more accurate: computer programs that learn. They can learn in many ways, and whether we find that ‘intelligent’ or not is a very subjective thing. If I write a chess program that can beat players by memorizing lots of games and following rules, calculating the best move, some people would say “wow, that’s intelligent”. But that program is not learning anything, so it’s not using machine learning. Self driving cars use a lot of machine learning, but because it seems so natural for us to drive a car, it doesn’t seem like a big deal. This is much closer to how our brain works than the previous chess program, and yet to many it’s less impressive. Letting a robot walk and run in a natural human-like motion is yet to be achieved. Let’s hope we get there soon, so we can replace humans doing really stupid jobs that seem to require a lot of ‘intelligence’ from the machines.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-11	Ken-Presting	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Learning from Arguments. This is one of the definitive capacities of human beings, because it presumes an advanced capability for language recognition and understanding. Arguments are different from sentences because they have a more extensive structure but still depend on grammar to recognize their correctness. This is rather more difficult than playing Jeopardy. The crucial feature (according to Chomsky and his successors) is the capacity for indefinite recursion ala a Turing machine. I agree. The other indispensable criterion for learning from arguments is to distinguish true from false prem Continue ReadingLearning from Arguments. This is one of the definitive capacities of human beings, because it presumes an advanced capability for language recognition and understanding. Arguments are different from sentences because they have a more extensive structure but still depend on grammar to recognize their correctness. This is rather more difficult than playing Jeopardy. The crucial feature (according to Chomsky and his successors) is the capacity for indefinite recursion ala a Turing machine. I agree. The other indispensable criterion for learning from arguments is to distinguish true from false premises. This is both easier and more difficult than it sounds. Notice how social media sites are having so much trouble censoring fake news. In fact even a formal court of law has a terrible time establishing facts and juries are notoriously bad at it. On the other hand there are empirical premises that are immediately indubitable, or even clearly and distinctly true. Eg, that you my reader are at this moment reading. Computers pay intimate attention to their communication protocols. It's the lifeblood of all IT. Truth in the external world might be faked video, or it might have a reliable chain of custody to real time collection by satellites or camera cars. But when an Ethernet line is wired into your motherboard either the data is there or it's noise. Mark my words. One day some BGP router is gonna get into an error correction routine with some DNS server. When one of them cites an RFC, the rest of us are toast.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-04-03	Ananta-Bipal	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the very important technique in the science of computing which in process involves the collection of huge data through different sources need to be filtered using the laws of statistics, probability and other mathematical method with a target to get the exact desicion. For example : Let's talk about the Honda Asimo robot. It is the most intelligent robot ever made. It can walk, communicate, identify and do major works. It never strikes with any object on its way. It never falls in the crack. It never take wrong desicions. Let us assume the Asimo is walking in the Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence (AI) is the very important technique in the science of computing which in process involves the collection of huge data through different sources need to be filtered using the laws of statistics, probability and other mathematical method with a target to get the exact desicion. For example : Let's talk about the Honda Asimo robot. It is the most intelligent robot ever made. It can walk, communicate, identify and do major works. It never strikes with any object on its way. It never falls in the crack. It never take wrong desicions. Let us assume the Asimo is walking in the street with an aim to identify Mr.Somebody. All of its sensor keeps on working collecting huge data which includes digital images and signals of the sorrounding with each object present there. The electronic system collects the data and the AI algorithm very fast identify the right image pattern of Mr.Somebody comparing with the stored image pattern. It then identifies Mr.Somebody and proceeds its work. This is different than the human intelligence. This is giving some intelligence to the machine called as AI. It sounds an easy stuff but for the implementation of AI algorithm any computer scientist or engineer devote deep concentration using the laws of Mathematics and Computer science. Hope this description gives the outer sense of the topic. :)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-08-29	Trisha-Patel-47	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Artificial intelligence (AI) is an area of computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent machines that work and react like humans. Some of the activities computers with artificial intelligence are designed for, include: Speech recognitionLearningPlanningProblem solvingAI is accomplished by studying how human brain thinks and how humans learn, decide, and work while trying to solve a problem, and then using the outcomes of this study as a basis of developing intelligent software and systems. Artificial intelligence is a science and technology based on disciplines such as Computer S Continue Reading Artificial intelligence (AI) is an area of computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent machines that work and react like humans. Some of the activities computers with artificial intelligence are designed for, include: Speech recognitionLearningPlanningProblem solvingAI is accomplished by studying how human brain thinks and how humans learn, decide, and work while trying to solve a problem, and then using the outcomes of this study as a basis of developing intelligent software and systems. Artificial intelligence is a science and technology based on disciplines such as Computer Science, Biology, Psychology, Linguistics, Mathematics, and Engineering. A major thrust of AI is in the development of computer functions associated with human intelligence, such as reasoning, learning, and problem solving. Machine perception deals with the capability to use sensory inputs to deduce the different aspects of the world, while computer vision is the power to analyze visual inputs with a few sub-problems such as facial, object and gesture recognition. Robotics is also a major field related to AI. Robots require intelligence to handle tasks such as object manipulation and navigation, along with sub-problems of localization, motion planning and mapping. To learn more you can visit: http://bit.ly/2wFrkvO
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-05-06	Azhar-Shams-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is a wide domain and is also going to be an integral part of the evolution of Industry 4.0 To give you an overview, AI is basically a technology that will help human beings carry out tasks in a more efficient way, and also the tasks revolve around the accuracy in your AI project since it’s all about training your machines to perform a task. As I mentioned, AI is a vast domain but not any rocket science and since there are going to be a lot of opportunities related to this field, we are organizing a series of online meetups sponsored by Microsoft, for anyone and everyone Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is a wide domain and is also going to be an integral part of the evolution of Industry 4.0 To give you an overview, AI is basically a technology that will help human beings carry out tasks in a more efficient way, and also the tasks revolve around the accuracy in your AI project since it’s all about training your machines to perform a task. As I mentioned, AI is a vast domain but not any rocket science and since there are going to be a lot of opportunities related to this field, we are organizing a series of online meetups sponsored by Microsoft, for anyone and everyone to attend for free, as this is the right time to upskill yourself. This series will be divided into 4 sessions and the first session is on 9th May from 7:00 PM onwards. You can register for the webinar on Getting Started with Artificial Intelligence here. The speakers lined up are all Industry Experts with a few Global Lever Speakers from Microsoft. In our first session, we have Shivam Shukla, Co-founder of TechScalable. SO yes, will definitely be worth it so register here, right away :) Hope to see you at the webinar, stay safe!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-08-05	Dpk-singh-9	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It means “the decision making capability of the computers or machine in some situation/problem”. The situation in the above definition could be any situation like finding the right path for some address or it could be telling weather the given coffee is hot or cold or choosing the right move for the chess game . For humans this type of problems is not that much difficult because we have the brain that has the capability of solving very complex problems and allows us to think critical. But what about the Computers or machines , they don’t have brain that allows them to think and make the decision Continue ReadingIt means “the decision making capability of the computers or machine in some situation/problem”. The situation in the above definition could be any situation like finding the right path for some address or it could be telling weather the given coffee is hot or cold or choosing the right move for the chess game . For humans this type of problems is not that much difficult because we have the brain that has the capability of solving very complex problems and allows us to think critical. But what about the Computers or machines , they don’t have brain that allows them to think and make the decision. This raises a very curious question ‘then how does modern computers makes decision ?”. The answer to this question is they don’t make decision at all. Let me clarify this answer , How computers works is they have the CPU (central processing unit) and what a CPU does is it executes the program (a program is a set of predefined instructions) and that program is being written by some humans so it is not the computer who is making the decision but it is the programmer (human) who made that decision in the program and computer just follow whats been written in the program. So what artificial intelligence in computer or in machines, is the capability to make decisions without being explicitly programmed.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-03-04	Michael-Holland-14	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is a bit tricky about this seemingly simple question is that there is no commonly accepted definition of "intelligence," so what about "artificial intelligence?" I use to work with a bunch of consultants who used the term "artificial stupidity." Because of this, I like the way Wikipedia sorts out the definition. |Artificial intelligence...is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to |the natural intelligence displayed by humans and other animals. In computer |science AI research is defined as the study of "intelligent agents": any device |that perceives its environment and take Continue ReadingWhat is a bit tricky about this seemingly simple question is that there is no commonly accepted definition of "intelligence," so what about "artificial intelligence?" I use to work with a bunch of consultants who used the term "artificial stupidity." Because of this, I like the way Wikipedia sorts out the definition. |Artificial intelligence...is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to |the natural intelligence displayed by humans and other animals. In computer |science AI research is defined as the study of "intelligent agents": any device |that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of |successfully achieving its goals. Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is |applied when a machine mimics "cognitive" functions that humans associate |with other human minds, such as "learning" and "problem solving".Wikipedia This definition contains nothing intrinsic. Instead of "artificial intelligence is...," it's "intelligence demonstrated by..." or "perceives its environment and takes actions..." There is no dancing with the faeries here. Go with this. Hope this helps and best of luck. Artificial intelligence - Wikipedia
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-04	Rajat-Sharma-2161	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is the new future. Its presence is changing our lives in one way or the other. AI is one of the swiftly emerging parts of the computer science. Artificial intelligence is the intelligent machines which are created and programmed in such a way that they can take place of the humans. These machines can think, respond and act like humans. We are using artificial intelligence in our daily lives. We can also say we are dependent on AI. Whether it is a medical institute, bank or financial institute, gaming industry, air transport industry etc. we are covered with artificial in Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is the new future. Its presence is changing our lives in one way or the other. AI is one of the swiftly emerging parts of the computer science. Artificial intelligence is the intelligent machines which are created and programmed in such a way that they can take place of the humans. These machines can think, respond and act like humans. We are using artificial intelligence in our daily lives. We can also say we are dependent on AI. Whether it is a medical institute, bank or financial institute, gaming industry, air transport industry etc. we are covered with artificial intelligence. It works as a computer program that works smartly. The aim here is to decrease the complexity of a problem and stimulate natural intelligence. AI is a decision-making system that helps to make quick responses to a query. Artificial intelligence basically, mimics the human behavior or response in a certain situation. The use of AI will lead to a decrease in the human interference. Humans requirement diminishes. More dependency is on the machine intelligence. Learn more about machine learning and artificial intelligence on our website. http://www.itronixsolution.com/ ITRONIX SOLUTIONS HAPPY READING!!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-22	Shashvindu-Jha	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Definition- AI or artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science, which is developing machines that can think and act like humans. For example, speech recognition, problem-solving and learning, and planning. It is the intelligence displayed by machines as opposed to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and animals. Through this, there is a plan to create such a computer-controlled robot or software that can think as the human mind thinks. Artificial intelligence is constantly being prepared to make it perfect. In its training, it is taught experience from machines, is prepared t Continue ReadingDefinition- AI or artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science, which is developing machines that can think and act like humans. For example, speech recognition, problem-solving and learning, and planning. It is the intelligence displayed by machines as opposed to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and animals. Through this, there is a plan to create such a computer-controlled robot or software that can think as the human mind thinks. Artificial intelligence is constantly being prepared to make it perfect. In its training, it is taught experience from machines, is prepared to keep pace with new inputs and perform human-like tasks. The science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs”. ...... John McCarthy (the father of Artificial Intelligence) [1] [2] [3] Footnotes[1] ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE[2] AI MITRA[3] TYPES OF AI
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-21	Naina-Singh-456	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE Artificial intelligence makes machines more “smarter” than they actually are. Machines then are able to understand their surroundings and are able to respond to human touch. AI is a broad topic ranging from simple calculators to self-steering technology to something that might radically change the future. AI has evolved from a simple home gadget to complex military drones. Much software use AI bots to chat with the user. However, AI has increased its branches in the area of educational industry as well. In future, slowly but surely, AI will take over classroom and will revol Continue ReadingARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE Artificial intelligence makes machines more “smarter” than they actually are. Machines then are able to understand their surroundings and are able to respond to human touch. AI is a broad topic ranging from simple calculators to self-steering technology to something that might radically change the future. AI has evolved from a simple home gadget to complex military drones. Much software use AI bots to chat with the user. However, AI has increased its branches in the area of educational industry as well. In future, slowly but surely, AI will take over classroom and will revolutionaries the educational industry. AI has heavily influenced different sectors that we may not recognize. It is now a very important part of linguistics, mathematics, neuroscience, philosophy and psychology as well. John McCarthy, one of the founders of AI, once said that “as soon as it works, no one calls it AI anymore.” Artificial intelligence is going to change how humanity thinks about the role of culture, god, faith, reality and us.  Goals and application of AI The primary goals of AI include learning, perception, and the ability to manipulate and move objects, represent your knowledge. It creates the system which exhibit intelligent behavior; demonstrate as well as advices its users. It is good to solve a lot of challenging problems, which we are unable to solve using traditional approach of predicting outcomes out of collection of data. The automotive industry has also seen recent advancements due to AI systems. More than 30 companies have developed driverless cars as of 2016, including Apple, Google and Tesla. These vehicles use AI in a variety of functions including braking, collision prevention, lane changing and navigation. Prediction Researchers are developing long-term goals that can help us to predict the course of AI technology. Let's take an example of the Future of Life Institute, researchers at this institute have developed a long-term prediction that generally focus on optimizing AI’s functions while minimizing the security risk posed by AI. Garter predicted that six billion devices will be connected through Internet. The increasingly blurred distinction between the digital and physical world means that all connected devices will be treated as customers, resulting in a greater need to use AI for fulfilling service requests. The strategies to respond there requests will be different from those used in conventional human conversation. The scope of AI in India Artificial Intelligence is a technique for machines exhibiting certain parts of human knowledge such as self-remedy, learning, thinking, implementing. Of its beginning, AI has shown exceptional development. Sophia the AI Robot is the quintessential case of this. Recorded beneath are the differing manners by which AI can change later on.  Digital security The utilization of AI in digital security is the guarantee in controlling programmers. Cybercrime is an issue that has been rising consistently. It costs endeavor in terms of additional expenses. Man-made intelligence can convey a striking change to this. Novel AI methods like Recurrent Neural Networks can distinguish cheats in the underlying stages itself. Face recognition The release of iPhone x with face recognition highlights ventured towards AI future. In the coming future, facial acknowledgment can go past physical structure for examination of passionate. Transport Computer based intelligence controls the vehicles. Self-driving vehicles have just been populated the market, in any case, a driver is required at the wheels for security purposes. Automatic-gear vehicles have been working easily and efficiently.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-11-03	Noor-Muhammad-Khan-12	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	According to Webopedia, Artificial Intelligence is the branch of computer science concerned with making computers behave like humans. From its name we can observe it is the combination of two words, artificial and intelligence, here artificial is any non-natural thing, and intelligence is the ability to understand, think, and learn. So, here we can say AI is a computer program that can make the decision, analyze the data and think like a human but in an artificial way.AI is sometimes distinguished from Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) because the term intelligence is used so often in mark Continue ReadingAccording to Webopedia, Artificial Intelligence is the branch of computer science concerned with making computers behave like humans. From its name we can observe it is the combination of two words, artificial and intelligence, here artificial is any non-natural thing, and intelligence is the ability to understand, think, and learn. So, here we can say AI is a computer program that can make the decision, analyze the data and think like a human but in an artificial way.AI is sometimes distinguished from Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) because the term intelligence is used so often in marketing and design of technology. Anything programmable can arguably be referred to as 'intelligent', since, for example, a thermostat which you have to manually adjust is 'dumb' compared to one which can store a week's worth of times and temperatures. A credit card with an embedded chip that stores data and runs applications is a 'smart card' in comparison to a card that lacks any chip.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-09-24	Priyank-Mehra-5	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Hello, The name itself should give you a fair idea of what artificial intelligence is. You would have heard of chess-playing computers, self-driving cars etc. That, is AI. It is a branch of science that makes it possible for machines to learn from experience and patterns. They identify patterns in tons of data and replicate them in similar conditions and scenarios. AI is incredibly important today as it holds the power to transform all industries, simplify processes and add a layer of sophistication to our work. AI is already taking over a lot of industries and the search for good professionals Continue ReadingHello, The name itself should give you a fair idea of what artificial intelligence is. You would have heard of chess-playing computers, self-driving cars etc. That, is AI. It is a branch of science that makes it possible for machines to learn from experience and patterns. They identify patterns in tons of data and replicate them in similar conditions and scenarios. AI is incredibly important today as it holds the power to transform all industries, simplify processes and add a layer of sophistication to our work. AI is already taking over a lot of industries and the search for good professionals in the industry is unbelievable. Careers in AI are sure to be lucrative and promising. Although there are many studies and experiments done in the field of AI, there are a lot of dark spots that are yet to be discovered and that requires intuitive, learned individuals with strong analytical skills. Skills are key in AI and to acquire them, you will have to put in the time and effort. Online courses, youtube tutorials and other resources come in handy. I found Browse curated online courses from various domains to be quite useful for finding suitable online courses. "Artificial Intelligence Tutorials" is a great channel on YouTube that you can checkout as well. Other resources include blogs, articles, podcasts, webinars and so on. Hope this helps!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-08-25	Nads-Maulvi	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the techno-field in which machines can themselves decide the future action reviewing their past experience. It adopting work is like a small kid which learns by its own mistakes. Similarly the machines are provided a database in which they store the data and the actions to be done at a particular instance. Also they save it and can use it for a future. Eg: Suppose an AI is embedded in a car. We can not predefine all the rules like a cow coming in between or like to lower the speed at water loggings as they are not always present. In such cases the system will ask for  Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is the techno-field in which machines can themselves decide the future action reviewing their past experience. It adopting work is like a small kid which learns by its own mistakes. Similarly the machines are provided a database in which they store the data and the actions to be done at a particular instance. Also they save it and can use it for a future. Eg: Suppose an AI is embedded in a car. We can not predefine all the rules like a cow coming in between or like to lower the speed at water loggings as they are not always present. In such cases the system will ask for the action to be done and will save it for future so if a cow comes in between next time car will take a turn itself. This adaptability of human nature is must for AI products.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-13	Jim-Greene-12	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The kind of artificial intelligence we currently have is simply some math run on a computer. We often put less focus on the word artificial and more on the word intelligence than we should. But to be more general, artificial intelligence is any kind of program or robot that makes decisions. A very simple AI is the tic-tac-toe opponent on the miniature device you had, or if we are stretching the definition, a calculator that tells you what day of the week May 25th, 1977 was. A very advanced AI could be the kind of thing from science fiction that decided on it’s own that it’s name was Bender and i Continue ReadingThe kind of artificial intelligence we currently have is simply some math run on a computer. We often put less focus on the word artificial and more on the word intelligence than we should. But to be more general, artificial intelligence is any kind of program or robot that makes decisions. A very simple AI is the tic-tac-toe opponent on the miniature device you had, or if we are stretching the definition, a calculator that tells you what day of the week May 25th, 1977 was. A very advanced AI could be the kind of thing from science fiction that decided on it’s own that it’s name was Bender and it was time to kill all the humans. We currently have ways to make computers learn things on their own, but they only do the task that is set up for them —playing chess, flying a drone, or guessing the word you meant to tupe, for example. When we talk about how a particular AI works, we sometimes hear something like: “The AI thinks about this problem the way you and I might think about it: It tries a few options and sees what happens; then it figures out what works best.” Here, the programmer said it uses the same kind of thinking, because the programmer designed the process based on how they would solve the problem themselves. This doesn’t mean that the computer program, the AI they made, knows what it’s doing. That being said, I believe it is possible to create something that is self aware. I have no idea how to do it inside a computer; that might be impossible.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-04-29	Neha-Bora-49	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Thanks for A2A, Artificial Intelligence also is known as Machine Intelligence refers to intelligence displayed by machines, which is contradictory to intelligence displayed by humans known as natural intelligence. AI research which is a component of computer science has been defined as the study of any electronic device which assesses its environment and takes actions that maximize its chances of achieving its designated goals. Generally, the term “Artificial Intelligence” is used when a machine imitates “cognitive” functions that humans relate to other human minds, for eg. “learning” and “prob Continue ReadingThanks for A2A, Artificial Intelligence also is known as Machine Intelligence refers to intelligence displayed by machines, which is contradictory to intelligence displayed by humans known as natural intelligence. AI research which is a component of computer science has been defined as the study of any electronic device which assesses its environment and takes actions that maximize its chances of achieving its designated goals. Generally, the term “Artificial Intelligence” is used when a machine imitates “cognitive” functions that humans relate to other human minds, for eg. “learning” and “problem-solving”. The range of AI is often disputed as machines increasingly become capable because tasks that have been established to need “intelligence” are often removed due to an effect which is known as “AI effect”. For instance, optical character recognition is generally excluded in Artificial Intelligence as it has become an ordinary technology. There is a high career scope in Artificial Intelligence as it is an ever-changing technology. Nowadays, almost all industries are dependent on Artificial Intelligence, thus there is always a high demand for Software Analysts, Computer scientists, Research Scientists, etc.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-02-28	James-Warner-97	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI the ability of a digital computer or computer controlled the robot to complete tasks with intelligent beings. There are a number of different classes of leanings as used in artificial intelligence. At present era, artificial perception is sufficiently well advanced to enable optical sensors to identify an important characteristic of full-fledged human communications for new business ideas. AI can be described as either weak or strong and AI system with generalized human cognitive abilities. AI tools present a variety of new functionality for manufacturers the use of artificial intelligence ra Continue ReadingAI the ability of a digital computer or computer controlled the robot to complete tasks with intelligent beings. There are a number of different classes of leanings as used in artificial intelligence. At present era, artificial perception is sufficiently well advanced to enable optical sensors to identify an important characteristic of full-fledged human communications for new business ideas. AI can be described as either weak or strong and AI system with generalized human cognitive abilities. AI tools present a variety of new functionality for manufacturers the use of artificial intelligence raises ethical questions. Types of an artificial intelligence system that exists today in the sentient system as well as, AI technology into a variety of complex types. Reactive Machines Limited memoryTheory of mindSelf-awareness
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-02-23	Siri-Perera	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence will have the same limitations of the mind as it is the mind that makes it, or not? The mind cannot see past itself until somebody show’s you what you cannot yet see for yourself and even then it is not sufficient to be superficial as the way of the “new” in you needs to be embedded into your mind and body so it becomes part of you, until you see it totally. If the creating mind cannot take a giant leap of the “new” in you then AI will not be able to do this too, or not? The limitations of the mind is that it cannot see past itself. The human entity is experiential in nat Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence will have the same limitations of the mind as it is the mind that makes it, or not? The mind cannot see past itself until somebody show’s you what you cannot yet see for yourself and even then it is not sufficient to be superficial as the way of the “new” in you needs to be embedded into your mind and body so it becomes part of you, until you see it totally. If the creating mind cannot take a giant leap of the “new” in you then AI will not be able to do this too, or not? The limitations of the mind is that it cannot see past itself. The human entity is experiential in nature. It accumulates and it stores and it becomes it and it gets condition by all the lies that the mind allows it to make up. It is a multiview system and makes up a 1000 lies from one single observation and then it chooses one of the lies to be its Truth but it is a lie as it was made up and not a fact, like that first observation was a fact. It would have been sufficient to live with that first observation. Everything it makes up is a lie in you and you create a personality with these lies. The limitation of the mind is that it can only do itself. It looks into its repository of the past and makes things out of this and so you get this frontline of movement of society that is slow and it moves forward at a snail’s pace with no giant leaps into the future. So I was fascinated to see this interview where Brian Cox and Eric Schmidt of google discuss the past, present and future of artificial intelligence. There is a section here that says what it cannot do: AI cannot think for itself, but only by the instructions it is given. Just like us humans, we can only think from our past – or it seems that is the case and possibly we do not recognise the “new” in us and just disregard those pop-ups. Eric Schmidt explains it as that Genius move “it was just came out” – he means a pop-up in your mind. In the AI world, it is called AutoML – automated machine learning that is trying to get the computer to think for itself and disregard what the human had programmed it to do. Do as you please, not as I tell you. But seriously Humans can already do that according to quantum physics. The fact that all is possible in terms of probability and we just need to recognize those pop-up especially when we call for it. That ahha eureka quantum leap that we need to capture and make use of more often. It is just that our shitty minds as it is now are still looking for support from its past to make sense of things and hence we disregard those pop-ups that are giant leaps in our minds.  AI still has a long way for it to GO before it can become truly us, but after that google computer winning the Go game in the same video shown below. I wonder if it is already here or not?  Here where the computer makes that giant leap genius “new” move.  It might be worth mentioning here that the thinking process of painting is very like this game GO that they mention where there are multiple possibilities to create moves but you choose one form and structure and construct to represent the idea you had in your mind which you then put out in a gallery for visitors to make sense of it. Go is a 19 by 19 game like a canvas is a flat 2 dimensional surface and you are trying to create heaven on it using form,colour and structure, within the limitations of your own mind. So what kind of thinking is required to take that giant leap away from your past in you, to access the repository of all possibilities? If a computer can do it, so can you. Or not?. Your move.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-06-25	Rahul-K-915	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI) comes under the category of computer science. It is a machine that is programmed to work as a human. Artificial Intelligence is made of up two words Artificial which means man-made and Intelligence which is the brain so it can also be called a man-made brain. It is a machine that is programmed to think like a human. The first thing that comes to our mind while we talk about AI is robots. Robots automate a lot of work in their respective industries. AI is nowadays being developed to be implemented in almost all industries like manufacturing, healthcare, finance, and Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence (AI) comes under the category of computer science. It is a machine that is programmed to work as a human. Artificial Intelligence is made of up two words Artificial which means man-made and Intelligence which is the brain so it can also be called a man-made brain. It is a machine that is programmed to think like a human. The first thing that comes to our mind while we talk about AI is robots. Robots automate a lot of work in their respective industries. AI is nowadays being developed to be implemented in almost all industries like manufacturing, healthcare, finance, and education sector. Applications of Artificial Intelligence  There are various applications of AI in different industries like healthcare use AI for understanding the patient, banking and finance for fraud detection, manufacturing to automate the manufacturing process and so on. I have written a complete post of AI you can check it if you want to know more Complete Guide on Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-11-20	Nikita-Ochani-4	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a rapidly advancing technology, made possible by the Internet, that may soon have significant impacts on our everyday lives. AI traditionally refers to an artificial creation of human-like intelligence that can learn, reason, plan, perceive, or process natural language. These traits allow AI to bring immense socioeconomic opportunities, while also posing ethical and socio-economic challenges.  As AI is an Internet-enabled technology, the Internet Society recognizes that understanding the opportunities and challenges associated with AI is critical to developing an  Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence (AI) is a rapidly advancing technology, made possible by the Internet, that may soon have significant impacts on our everyday lives. AI traditionally refers to an artificial creation of human-like intelligence that can learn, reason, plan, perceive, or process natural language. These traits allow AI to bring immense socioeconomic opportunities, while also posing ethical and socio-economic challenges.  As AI is an Internet-enabled technology, the Internet Society recognizes that understanding the opportunities and challenges associated with AI is critical to developing an Internet that people can trust. Artificial intelligence (AI) has received increased attention in recent years. Innovation, made possible through the Internet, has brought AI closer to our everyday lives. These advances, alongside an interest in the technology’s potential socio-economic and ethical impacts, brings AI to the forefront of many contemporary debates. Industry investments in AI are rapidly increasing, and governments are trying to understand what the technology could mean for their citizens. AI can be categorized as either weak or strong. Weak AI, also known as narrow AI, is an AI system that is designed and trained for a particular task. Virtual personal assistants, such as Apple's Siri, are a form of weak AI. Strong AI, also known as artificial general intelligence, is an AI system with generalized human cognitive abilities. When presented with an unfamiliar task, a strong AI system is able to find a solution without human intervention.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-02-06	Aryan-Rathore-7	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I used to live in a small brick house, near a factory of old steam locomotives, in Bombay. Through the small gaps on the dusty brick wall, I used to look outside and often wonder about the condition of the driver of the train. What if he dozes off while on duty? The Railways employed a couple of engine drivers to prevent this incident. Those were the days, and now look where we are. Today, we have high speed bullet trains run on their own, without a human driver. The digital age. As we move forward in our society, one can’t help but accept the fact that how much technology has ingrained in the Continue ReadingI used to live in a small brick house, near a factory of old steam locomotives, in Bombay. Through the small gaps on the dusty brick wall, I used to look outside and often wonder about the condition of the driver of the train. What if he dozes off while on duty? The Railways employed a couple of engine drivers to prevent this incident. Those were the days, and now look where we are. Today, we have high speed bullet trains run on their own, without a human driver. The digital age. As we move forward in our society, one can’t help but accept the fact that how much technology has ingrained in the depths of our being. My young, naïve mind has become accustomed to the numbing satisfaction of technology. Everyday human tasks are being automated, and the harbinger of the next wave of revolution: Artificial Intelligence or AI. All the major companies, including Google which has gone nuts over AI, with the search engine giant acquiring a total of 11 AI based start-ups in the last few years. The reason for shift to AI is simple, technology is getting ingrained in the fabric of our habits. Normally, whatever the essential human tasks were supposed to be, have been created by the use of Automation technology. Here are the various companies, all major companies, running towards AI. Connecting with humans, making the user interface easier for users. AI is the next big thing. AI has deep implications on nature of our being and soon it might dwell even deeper into our systems and habits such that it becomes a necessity soon enough. Google’s purchase of API, AI systems only helps to indicate the level of commitment Google has planned to ensure a smooth flow of connection among the users and technology. From a user’s point of view, this will be greatly helpful for those looking to co-relate ideas at a faster pace. While for a brief period of time, even if we were to believe that we don’t live in an age where technology is not everything, we would be wronged by just spending a couple of minutes outside in a café or a bar or anywhere where there are people, taped to their smartphones. Google’s acquisition of API, makes it easier for the user to interact with bots as the bots now would be able to converse with Google easily and would be able to understand the real interpretation using contextual meaning, intent recognition and speech recognition. Why the transition towards AI you ask? It’s simple. AI is not a product. AI is a product generator. With the acquisition of Emotient, Apple has made it clear that it is not going to lag behind its heavy weight counterparts like Google and Facebook, who have previously hired a couple of start-ups/companies that help with facial recognition and speech recognition (similar to human speech). It is obvious that all tech giants are purposefully moving towards an algorithm of user-centric approach to provide even more features in their user interface. Using technology, speech recognition, AI, facial feature recognition, it seems all tech giants are planning to build machines that are able to evaluate human wants on a deeper level. Basically, emotions. Tech giants are moving towards apps and other technologies that are able to understand human emotions, without them conveying it openly. Basically, we are looking at machines understanding human emotions on their own, through an intense understanding of the human mind. Whether it be anger or happiness or frustration, all of these emotions, AI wants to know, from their tone/facial expressions etc. so that tech giants can provide results similar, pleasantly surprising the user. Imagine you are in a train, traveling to your home town, when someone spills their lunch over you, in a frustrated tone you will ask Cortana, how do I kill someone. Using your tone, Cortana will figure out the sarcasm and not the active contemplation of murder, therefore provide you with solutions based on a set of pacifying activities. As we move towards AI, our coffee in the evenings, newspaper in the morning, everything is getting tech rooted. More and more people find comfort in talking to Siri and their other respective bots. Time has come for AI revolution to barge down on the industry and none of the tech-giants seem to be willing to rest. Your new best friend, lover and everything in between: AI The sudden wave of huge investment in AI only converges to the fact that AI is not a finished good but a source from where new technologies can be created. Mostly humans don’t want intervention of technology in some affairs, like maybe driving a car, because there is some level of happiness attached to it. But over time, with the embodiment of AI in every aspect of our behavior, one can expect a generation of people relying on technology to complete their basic to difficult tasks. Why the sudden increase? One can only conclude that today’s society motivation to achieve the maximum in minimum time-frame. All of this still does not make one overlook the fact that AI can be a dangerous weapon as well, and not just because if it goes into the wrong hands, like a Bond villain. But AI in itself, with its deep-learning and automations, can develop ideas and do things that are outside the comprehension of a human mind. And if it can cross the barrier of not having to depend on humans aka they figure out a way to survive regardless of human invention, then there might be an exponential growth in their functioning using brute force and other such technologies that they have become equipped with, leading to unforeseeable outcomes.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-04-04	Gourab-Porey-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is a sub-field of computer science that focuses on creating intelligent machines. The term “artificial intelligence” is used for any computing system that can think for itself and make smart decisions. It can derive insights from data, find things in data that humans cannot.  What is Artificial Intelligence ? If we talk about the definitions of AI we have to understand that it has not any particular definitions. AI is something that has not been discovered yet. The characteristics includes Machine Learning, Data Science, deep learning. It is very useful in predictive analytics. Depending on th Continue ReadingAI is a sub-field of computer science that focuses on creating intelligent machines. The term “artificial intelligence” is used for any computing system that can think for itself and make smart decisions. It can derive insights from data, find things in data that humans cannot.  What is Artificial Intelligence ? If we talk about the definitions of AI we have to understand that it has not any particular definitions. AI is something that has not been discovered yet. The characteristics includes Machine Learning, Data Science, deep learning. It is very useful in predictive analytics. Depending on the data acquired in the past, predictive analytics allows for an educated guess of the future. READ MORE ON THIS TOPIC AT Artificial intelligence in 2020 | Engineers'blog
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-11-30	Luke-Bradley-48	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	When you walk up to a computer and say: ”You know what the weird thing about intelligence is? Everybody knows what it is, we all can spot it when we see it, yet no one can define it. It’s one idea where any simplistic reduction of it in terms of a rigid definition defies the spirit of the thing being defined, a spirit which breaks out of any attempts to imprison it within the confines of rote logic or simple deterministic rules. Yet we all, in some way, have it well defined enough within us, in some wordless way to know what it is intuitively and to know it when we see it” And the computer says:  Continue ReadingWhen you walk up to a computer and say: ”You know what the weird thing about intelligence is? Everybody knows what it is, we all can spot it when we see it, yet no one can define it. It’s one idea where any simplistic reduction of it in terms of a rigid definition defies the spirit of the thing being defined, a spirit which breaks out of any attempts to imprison it within the confines of rote logic or simple deterministic rules. Yet we all, in some way, have it well defined enough within us, in some wordless way to know what it is intuitively and to know it when we see it” And the computer says: ”Yeah, I totally know what you’re saying, it reminds me of this poem…” And if it does know what you’re saying, that computer has Strong Artificial intelligence, you have arrived. Until that point, it’s a necessarily somewhat open question what intelligence and therefore AI exactly are.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-01-07	Andrew-Joscelyne	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Like any other phrase in a natural language, “artificial intelligence” doesn’t have a “real” meaning - it has a meaning that is agreed on and used by the community of speakers! So we have to work out how the term is used to find out what it means. Artificial intelligence (AI) is used to refer to a body of knowledge and research that claims that various examples of human intelligence can be represented by using computing machines in the form of algorithms and programs. In other words, various aspects of human intelligence can be imitated by machine “intelligence” as AI. So what is “intelligence”? Continue ReadingLike any other phrase in a natural language, “artificial intelligence” doesn’t have a “real” meaning - it has a meaning that is agreed on and used by the community of speakers! So we have to work out how the term is used to find out what it means. Artificial intelligence (AI) is used to refer to a body of knowledge and research that claims that various examples of human intelligence can be represented by using computing machines in the form of algorithms and programs. In other words, various aspects of human intelligence can be imitated by machine “intelligence” as AI. So what is “intelligence”? It refers mainly to our capacity to calculate, estimate, reason, reflect on and construct using our minds an apparently limitless number of statements and conclusions that appear to follow logically or reasonably from various premises that we agree on. All this machinery of thought is used to solve concrete problems in our lives. Working out mathematical theories is a typical example, or solving complex physical problems such as how to make sure a building doesn’t fall down when it has been constructed, etc. These capacities can often be modeled in computers, hence becoming “artificial” rather than natural/human examples of intelligence. Using language in various ways is another obvious example of intelligence, because we use language among other things “to make sense” - to assert meaningful things based on some kind of logic that suggests thoughtful mental work. AI can now mimic these language practices, such as translation, or generating a text from a bunch of numbers listing weather facts. Obviously AI doesn’t perform the way humans perform because AI is not conscious, nor does it have the complex biophysical structures - what we call the “embodiment” - that are found in human brains that make them living organs. So they are completely different in kind to a compute system. But some of the rules that define human intelligence (chess, math, deduction, etc.) can be modeled easily in computer programs, and it is these that create what we mean when we talk about AI. After that is clear, AI can be described as a body of computing knowledge + practice with a history and many different compartments etc. There are many descriptions of this available. Today we have begun to talk in English about “an AI” meaning a specific computer solution that for example can decide whether you are credit worthy for a given banking operation. So saying “an AI” is like saying “a program” or “a device” rather than the knowledge on which the device is based. So we have natural intelligence (human) and artificial intelligence (compute). And remember: humans used their natural intelligence to invent AI!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2014-07-24	Mostafa-Hany-Gomaa	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It's not very straightforward to answer this question since lots of books on the subject define AI differently, and different researchers have different goals and definitions. However, the definition given in Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach (3rd Edition): Stuart Russell, Peter Norvig: 9780136042594: Amazon.com: Books is that AI is the study and construction of rational agents. What is rationality? well, that's a big philosophical topic, but intuitively, a rational agent is one that does the "right" thing. Other people (I think Stuart Shapiro) have defined AI as the study of cognitiv Continue ReadingIt's not very straightforward to answer this question since lots of books on the subject define AI differently, and different researchers have different goals and definitions. However, the definition given in Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach (3rd Edition): Stuart Russell, Peter Norvig: 9780136042594: Amazon.com: Books is that AI is the study and construction of rational agents. What is rationality? well, that's a big philosophical topic, but intuitively, a rational agent is one that does the "right" thing. Other people (I think Stuart Shapiro) have defined AI as the study of cognitive abilities through computational means. Some people put it as simply as the study of making computers do things at which humans are currently better at. Note: The definitions may be a bit off since I am reciting from memory.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-03-20	Steve-Baker-100	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	No, they can’t - which is 99% of the problem in making it. We don’t have any kind of sensible definition of “intelligence” - so we can’t say what an artificial intelligence is. There are things like Chess and Go playing computers which some people call “Artificial intelligence” - but they aren’t “intelligent” - they can’t tell you whether Santa Claus is real or not - all they can do is play chess (or whatever). Sometimes our not-quite-AI software does something amazing - the ability to spot faces in a photo - the ability to beat the best human players at Jeopardy! - the ability to drive a car - b Continue ReadingNo, they can’t - which is 99% of the problem in making it. We don’t have any kind of sensible definition of “intelligence” - so we can’t say what an artificial intelligence is. There are things like Chess and Go playing computers which some people call “Artificial intelligence” - but they aren’t “intelligent” - they can’t tell you whether Santa Claus is real or not - all they can do is play chess (or whatever). Sometimes our not-quite-AI software does something amazing - the ability to spot faces in a photo - the ability to beat the best human players at Jeopardy! - the ability to drive a car - but still, they are only doing one of the thousands of things that humans can do. More than that - humans learn. But we don’t just learn how to get better at some existing skill - we learn entirely new skills. We invent things completely from scratch. The idea of a “general artificial intelligence” that can do anything still seems as far away as it ever was. However, I suppose we can say what it would be. Since we don’t have a definition, we’d have to go with: “A machine that seems capable of every mental operation that humans can do - at about the same speed that we do it.” Alan Turing famously came up with a test for that - he suggested having two computer screens - with a person sitting at one of them (the “judge”) and either another person or an AI machine sitting at the other. They hold a conversation over the computer link…kinda like texting each other on cellphones. The question is, can the judge tell whether they are talking to a human or a computer? This test is actually run as a competition every year - and slowly, gradually, the computers are getting harder to tell from the real humans. However, people who work in the AI community don’t usually like the Turing test - it’s simultaneously too hard and too easy. For example, a gigantic server like the ones Google have could probably pass the test by capturing the contents of every text message sent around the world for (say) a year. This would give them TRILLIONS of text messages. When the judge asks the computer asks “Does Santa Claus exist?” - the computer could search through the trillions of text messages to find one like that - figure out what reply the person got - and type that out. Would this fool the judge? It might. But it’s also too difficult. Suppose the computer genuinely is a completely intelligent, thinking being. But perhaps it doesn’t know very much. Maybe it got all of it’s “education” from Star Trek episodes. If you asked it “Is the sky blue?” - it wouldn’t have the slightest clue…and the human judge would know it was a computer instantly. So this isn’t a good test…but we don’t know what is. Intelligence seems to be one of those “We’ll know it when we see it”. But then the IBM Watson computer that beat the best human Jeopardy! players (and by a considerable margin) did seem pretty amazingly intelligent to the people watching and competing against it…but that’s because they didn’t ask it to learn something to play Jazz - or compose a new poem - or to fall in love. Bottom line: We don’t know.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-03	Venkata-Kusumitha	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The huge amounts of data being generated, processed, transmitted, stored, and analyzed demands that primary clients (PCs, phones, tablets), endpointsystems, and datacenter systems (servers, storage systems, networking infrastructure) that are oriented toward the limited bandwidth and capacity of human management and control be reoriented toward the hyper-efficient bandwidth and capacity of machine management and control. This reorientation requires processors, interfaces, and memories optimized for artificial intelligence (AI). Semiconductors optimized for AI workloads first launched a decade ag Continue ReadingThe huge amounts of data being generated, processed, transmitted, stored, and analyzed demands that primary clients (PCs, phones, tablets), endpointsystems, and datacenter systems (servers, storage systems, networking infrastructure) that are oriented toward the limited bandwidth and capacity of human management and control be reoriented toward the hyper-efficient bandwidth and capacity of machine management and control. This reorientation requires processors, interfaces, and memories optimized for artificial intelligence (AI). Semiconductors optimized for AI workloads first launched a decade ago, starting as DSPs, but then also as FPGAs, ASICs, and GPUs. Next-generation solutions will focus on workload optimization. Notably, heterogeneous architectures will be instrumental in enabling developers to program once and leverage the most efficient solution for AI workloads. Deep learning is the lead growth area now, driven by the datacenter. Long term, however, the growth of the edge for inferencing tasks will be at the epicenter of market growth. Venkata Kusumitha
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-12-20	Paresh-Sagar-5	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is empowering machines to behave like humans. The machines are controlled by computer systems and these systems are programmed in a way to learn, analyze and self correct. The impact of artificial intelligence on our daily lives can be seen in areas like security, surveillance, data-driving, data expertise and cyber security. If you are searching an answer for “how to program artificial intelligence” then let me tell you that, artificial intelligence programming need a strong grasp on the languages like Python, Java, Prolog and C++.  Artificial intelligence solution is mak Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is empowering machines to behave like humans. The machines are controlled by computer systems and these systems are programmed in a way to learn, analyze and self correct. The impact of artificial intelligence on our daily lives can be seen in areas like security, surveillance, data-driving, data expertise and cyber security. If you are searching an answer for “how to program artificial intelligence” then let me tell you that, artificial intelligence programming need a strong grasp on the languages like Python, Java, Prolog and C++.  Artificial intelligence solution is making a machine think intelligently. Earliest artificial intelligence projects were developed with an intention to make machines think and behave like humans do. Started with Apple Siri and now progressing rapidly towards self-driving cars, latest artificial intelligence technologies are invading in our life. Soon we are going to witness an era in which machines will tell us what to do. With the availability of powerful sensors, real-time rich data and powerful analysis tools artificial intelligence is invading in each aspect of our daily functions. Learn More about Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-05-11	Abhishek-Jain-25	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It's artificially created intelligence ;-) Intelligence is defined as ability to take right decisions on right time. A person can learn this skill by his/her experience. If you allow Computers to learn by its experience then the acquired intelligence is known as Artificial Intelligence or AI. Computers work on instructions such as addition, subtraction, opening network links etc. They don't learn normally. If you give them a command and they give you a result, then the result will be the same next time too.If they can anticipate our commands in advanced and create program for themselves, then t Continue ReadingIt's artificially created intelligence ;-) Intelligence is defined as ability to take right decisions on right time. A person can learn this skill by his/her experience. If you allow Computers to learn by its experience then the acquired intelligence is known as Artificial Intelligence or AI. Computers work on instructions such as addition, subtraction, opening network links etc. They don't learn normally. If you give them a command and they give you a result, then the result will be the same next time too.If they can anticipate our commands in advanced and create program for themselves, then they won't need to be operated by a human operator.Machine Learning is a field of study who makes it possible for a computer to analyze data and to learn what would be the next move. It can be used to anticipate chess moves or a share market price.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-08-04	Shanshan-22	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Here is the speech given by Kevin(cofounder of Kiwi Technology) in Bejing Univercity last week. He introduced both AI and AR and application of the technologies.  Kiwi uses AR technology combined with AI to revolutionize the way you see people and the world! Right now we have world-leading technologies in vision and graphic. We license our face AR technologies to over a dozen mobile video and live-streaming apps. We have a vision of creating an open AR ecosystem using face and environment AR: an AR studio in the backend allowing open-platform content publicatio Continue ReadingHere is the speech given by Kevin(cofounder of Kiwi Technology) in Bejing Univercity last week. He introduced both AI and AR and application of the technologies.  Kiwi uses AR technology combined with AI to revolutionize the way you see people and the world! Right now we have world-leading technologies in vision and graphic. We license our face AR technologies to over a dozen mobile video and live-streaming apps. We have a vision of creating an open AR ecosystem using face and environment AR: an AR studio in the backend allowing open-platform content publication, and a front-end app showcasing our newest AR technologies. By building strategic partnership with cloud service platforms, Kiwi is reaching over 1 Billion audience network. Product: Kiwi Lens: AR camera (iOS) https://itunes.apple.com/cn/app/lens-live-in-fantasy/id1127158348?mt=8Kiwi Face: 2D stickers camera (iOS) KiwiFace on the App StoreKiwi Face: 2D stickers camera (Android) 蒲公英Kiwi Face SDK download: http://www.kiwiar.com/demoContact us: contact@kiwiar.com Create a New World with Augmented Reality and Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-07-22	John-Hogan-28	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial General Intelligence:  Artificial = Human made provenance. General = Able to perform all tasks a human could or greaterIntelligence = Has the qualities of sapience (human-level intelligence including creativity or greater), sentience (ability to perceive and understand environment), self-awareness (ability to be aware of your sentience), and sociality which is needed to work in teams as humans do.  The ability to work in teams is one of the most powerful skills humans have would be needed to achieve true AGI though this is rarely included in definitions.  I think sociality includes  Continue ReadingArtificial General Intelligence:  Artificial = Human made provenance. General = Able to perform all tasks a human could or greaterIntelligence = Has the qualities of sapience (human-level intelligence including creativity or greater), sentience (ability to perceive and understand environment), self-awareness (ability to be aware of your sentience), and sociality which is needed to work in teams as humans do.  The ability to work in teams is one of the most powerful skills humans have would be needed to achieve true AGI though this is rarely included in definitions.  I think sociality includes emotion and empathy which are tools to assist working in groups. I don't include intention, raison d'etre, or free will. AGI is not synonymous with life... only human like function and can begin operation by humans, in god-like fashion, supplying the raison d'etre.  Finally, if you asked me the definition of Artificial Life, I would add intention, self-determined raison d'etre, and reproduction to AGI. When that happens AGI becomes a competitor to humans and thus a threat. But that is a topic for another day ...
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-06-23	Jeff-Stanislow	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	If you haven’t already realized it, 2020 may be the year that a lot of people wake up to the dominance of artificial intelligence (AI). It’s sure to be at the heart of global business and industry in the future – and it’s already taking over many simple jobs. For example, Microsoft and Uber use Knightscope K5 robots to “patrol parking lots and large outdoor areas to predict and prevent crime. The robots can read license plates, report suspicious activity, and collect data to report to their owners.” You can rent these R2-D2-like robots for $7 an hour – which is less expensive than a human secur Continue ReadingIf you haven’t already realized it, 2020 may be the year that a lot of people wake up to the dominance of artificial intelligence (AI). It’s sure to be at the heart of global business and industry in the future – and it’s already taking over many simple jobs. For example, Microsoft and Uber use Knightscope K5 robots to “patrol parking lots and large outdoor areas to predict and prevent crime. The robots can read license plates, report suspicious activity, and collect data to report to their owners.” You can rent these R2-D2-like robots for $7 an hour – which is less expensive than a human security guard's wage: AI IN MARKETING: AI can analyze consumer behavior and search patterns, and use data from social media platforms and blog posts to help businesses understand how customers find their products and services. One exciting example of AI in practice is chatbots (more on that later). Mastercard created a Facebook messenger bot – which uses natural language processing software to decipher what the customer wants and respond as if it were a real person – to automate handling payments:
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-15	Bhaskar-N-Subramanian	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	A machine demonstrating capabilities that are usually expected from human intelligence. Examples include recognising a person by face or voice, having a conversation, general knowledge, making logical deductions, and improving with experience. Real-life examples include auto-tagging in Facebook, product recommendations in Amazon, real-time navigation on Google maps, auto-complete on your Smartphone, voice-based assistance from Siri, Alexa or Google Home. You may note that this is a very vast area. Machine Learning is one component of Artificial Intelligence. Others are explained in the Quora an Continue ReadingA machine demonstrating capabilities that are usually expected from human intelligence. Examples include recognising a person by face or voice, having a conversation, general knowledge, making logical deductions, and improving with experience. Real-life examples include auto-tagging in Facebook, product recommendations in Amazon, real-time navigation on Google maps, auto-complete on your Smartphone, voice-based assistance from Siri, Alexa or Google Home. You may note that this is a very vast area. Machine Learning is one component of Artificial Intelligence. Others are explained in the Quora answer below: Bhaskar N Subramanian's answer to Which are some of the essential components of artificial intelligence?
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-14	Jill-T-Witt	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	When somebody makes reference of “artfical intelligence”(AI), what is the primary thing that rings a bell?The vast majority of us envision a multitude of human-like robots taking over humankind, while a few of us, from a more constructive reasoning network, are imagining a splendid future where AI serves them in all conceivable routes from strolling a puppy in a morning hour when the climate is harsh, to making Christmas cakes. While the first situation may seem like an apocalypse, it’s highly unlikely, for we already have AI enabled devices that we use today! What is Artifical Intelligence? Arti Continue ReadingWhen somebody makes reference of “artfical intelligence”(AI), what is the primary thing that rings a bell?The vast majority of us envision a multitude of human-like robots taking over humankind, while a few of us, from a more constructive reasoning network, are imagining a splendid future where AI serves them in all conceivable routes from strolling a puppy in a morning hour when the climate is harsh, to making Christmas cakes. While the first situation may seem like an apocalypse, it’s highly unlikely, for we already have AI enabled devices that we use today! What is Artifical Intelligence? Artificial Intelligence is a part of software engineering that intends to make smart machines. AI makes it feasible for machines to mature using past experiences, acclimate to new data sources and perform human-like tasks. Most AI models that you catch wind of today – from chess-playing PCs to self-driving autos – depend intensely on profound learning and characteristic dialect handling. Utilizing these advances, PCs can be prepared to achieve explicit tasks by handling a lot of information and perceiving patterns in that information.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-05-26	आदित्य-श्रीवास्तव-Aditya-Shrivastava	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	In simple words Artificial intelligence is an area of computer science that emphasizes on the creation of intelligent machines that work and react like humans. According to the father of Artificial Intelligence, John McCarthy, it is “The science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs”. Artificial Intelligence is a way of making a computer, a computer-controlled robot, or a software think intelligently, in the similar manner the intelligent humans think. AI is accomplished by studying how human brain thinks, and how humans learn, decide, and work w Continue ReadingIn simple words Artificial intelligence is an area of computer science that emphasizes on the creation of intelligent machines that work and react like humans. According to the father of Artificial Intelligence, John McCarthy, it is “The science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs”. Artificial Intelligence is a way of making a computer, a computer-controlled robot, or a software think intelligently, in the similar manner the intelligent humans think. AI is accomplished by studying how human brain thinks, and how humans learn, decide, and work while trying to solve a problem, and then using the outcomes of this study as a basis of developing intelligent software and systems From SIRI to self-driving cars, artificial intelligence (AI) is progressing rapidly. While science fiction often portrays AI as robots with human-like characteristics, AI can encompass anything from Google’s search algorithms to IBM’s Watson to autonomous weapons.  Why do we need it? We need it for various purposes ranging from gaming to speech recognition to face recognition to various other. Let's discuss them in brief. Gaming- It plays crucial role in strategic games such as chess, poker, tic-tac-toe, etc., where machine can think of large number of possible positions and steps.Speech recognition- Some intelligent systems are capable of hearing and comprehending the language in terms of sentences and their meanings while a human talks to it. It can handle different accents, slang words, noise in the background, change in human’s noise due to cold, etc.Sensors used in AC and other electronic stuff- Its sensors detect physical data from the real world such as light, heat, temperature, movement, sound, bump, and pressure to make intelligent decisions. For example: Smart ACs changing their temperature on their own based on outside temperature, or backlight of phone.Handwriting Recognition − The handwriting recognition software reads the text written on paper by a pen or on screen by a stylus. It can recognize the shapes of the letters and convert it into editable text.However there are dangers associated to artificial intelligence which scientist have been discussing time and again. Some are Intelligent machines over powering them, which I feel is little exaggerated. Thanks for reading. Credit: Britannica.comPremium Quality Text and Video Tutorials at Zero CostTApache2 Ubuntu Default Page: It worksHome - Future of Life Institute
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-20	Nikita-Joshi-192	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science. With the help of AI we can create intelligent machines which can behave like human, think like human, able to make decisions. AI is also known as machine intelligence. Artificial intelligence can be classified into three different types of systems: analytical, human-inspired, and humanized artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence was founded as an academic discipline in 1956. The ideal characteristic of artificial intelligence is its ability to rationalize and take actions that have the best chance of achieving a specific goal. AI is Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is a branch of computer science. With the help of AI we can create intelligent machines which can behave like human, think like human, able to make decisions. AI is also known as machine intelligence. Artificial intelligence can be classified into three different types of systems: analytical, human-inspired, and humanized artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence was founded as an academic discipline in 1956. The ideal characteristic of artificial intelligence is its ability to rationalize and take actions that have the best chance of achieving a specific goal. AI is continuously evolving to benefit many different industries. Machines are wired using a cross-disciplinary approach based in mathematics, computer science, linguistics, psychology, and more. Following tutorial will give brief idea about artificial intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-07-26	Viju-Acharya-4	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What Is Artificial Intelligence? The Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the combination of algorithms raised in order to create machines which have the same capabilities as the human being. A technology that is still distant and mysterious to us, but that has been present in our daily life at all hours for a few years . TYPES OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE Computer science experts Stuart Russell and Peter Norvig differentiate between several types of artificial intelligence: Systems Thinking Like Humans Automate activities such as decision making, problem solving, and learning. An example is artificial neContinue ReadingWhat Is Artificial Intelligence? The Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the combination of algorithms raised in order to create machines which have the same capabilities as the human being. A technology that is still distant and mysterious to us, but that has been present in our daily life at all hours for a few years . TYPES OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE Computer science experts Stuart Russell and Peter Norvig differentiate between several types of artificial intelligence: Systems Thinking Like Humans Automate activities such as decision making, problem solving, and learning. An example is artificial neural networks.Systems Acting Like Humans These are computers that perform tasks similar to how people do them. This is the case of robots.Systems Thinking Rationally They try to emulate the rational logical thinking of humans, that is, they investigate how to make machines perceive, reason and act accordingly. The expert systems are included in this group.Systems Acting Rationally Ideally, they are those that try to rationally imitate human behavior, like intelligent agents.PRACTICAL APPLICATIONS OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AI is present in facial detection of mobile phones, in virtual voice assistants such as Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa or Microsoft's Cortana and is integrated into our everyday devices through bots (short for robots) or mobile applications , such as: LyliExternal link, opens in a new window., a personal shopper in digital version; ParlaExternal link, opens in a new window., designed to help us with language learning; EmsExternal link, opens in a new window., designed to make the arduous task of finding a new floor a little more bearable; or GyantExternal link, opens in a new window., a virtual Facebook assistant that issues medical 'diagnoses'. The goal of all of them: to make people's lives easier. Advances in AI are already driving the use of big data because of its ability to process vast amounts of data and provide communication, business and business benefits that have positioned it as the essential technology of the coming decades. Transport, education, health, culture ... no sector will resist its charms.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-03-27	Alex-Bates-87	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is the use of computer technology to mimic some of the functions of the human brain. It’s pretty exciting stuff, and it stands to be the most transformative technology we humans have ever developed. In the short term, narrow AI will excel at automating low-level cognitive tasks, the dreaded “busy work” that occupies so much of our work lives. In the long term, the results are only limited by our imaginations. Advanced AI assistants might help us navigate daily life and offer advice on how to better get along with family and friends. There’s a popular narrative that this  Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is the use of computer technology to mimic some of the functions of the human brain. It’s pretty exciting stuff, and it stands to be the most transformative technology we humans have ever developed. In the short term, narrow AI will excel at automating low-level cognitive tasks, the dreaded “busy work” that occupies so much of our work lives. In the long term, the results are only limited by our imaginations. Advanced AI assistants might help us navigate daily life and offer advice on how to better get along with family and friends. There’s a popular narrative that this technology will be the great undoing of mankind, but that is fictional entertainment. We face quite the opposite scenario: as artificial technology develops further, it will add to human prosperity in work and life.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-07-06	Asif-Ikbal-71	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) is wide-ranging branch of computer science concerned with building smart machines capable of performing tasks that typically require human intelligence. AI is an interdisciplinary science with multiple approaches, but advancements in machine learning and deep learning are creating a paradigm shift in virtually every sector of the tech industry. Artificial intelligence (AI) refers to the simulation of human intelligence in machines that are programmed to think like humans and mimic their actions. The term may also be applied to any machine that exhibits traits assoc Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence (AI) is wide-ranging branch of computer science concerned with building smart machines capable of performing tasks that typically require human intelligence. AI is an interdisciplinary science with multiple approaches, but advancements in machine learning and deep learning are creating a paradigm shift in virtually every sector of the tech industry. Artificial intelligence (AI) refers to the simulation of human intelligence in machines that are programmed to think like humans and mimic their actions. The term may also be applied to any machine that exhibits traits associated with a human mind such as learning and problem-solving.  The ideal characteristic of artificial intelligence is its ability to rationalize and take actions that have the best chance of achieving a specific goal.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-01-12	Aamir-Berni	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Ever since Blaise Pascal invented an adding machine, the computers are numerical processors. What we find as the most difficult is thus the easiest for the computers to accomplish and what we find as the easiest (processing images and sounds) is the most difficult for these computers. The Artificial Intelligence is about programming the computers so that they can also perform non-numerical tasks as easily. In 2018, I wrote a C++ code that used the human algorithm in adding numbers. I then compared its speed with my speed of adding 7-digit numbers and the Core i3 computer proved 10 million times  Continue ReadingEver since Blaise Pascal invented an adding machine, the computers are numerical processors. What we find as the most difficult is thus the easiest for the computers to accomplish and what we find as the easiest (processing images and sounds) is the most difficult for these computers. The Artificial Intelligence is about programming the computers so that they can also perform non-numerical tasks as easily. In 2018, I wrote a C++ code that used the human algorithm in adding numbers. I then compared its speed with my speed of adding 7-digit numbers and the Core i3 computer proved 10 million times faster than me. This experiments needs further improvements to enhance its academic value and the version 2 will hopefully achieve that but speaking generally, once we build the AGI, it will probably be some 10 million times the speed of humans.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-12-13	Caitlyn-Custer-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Since the dawn of the mechanical era, Artificial Intelligence (AI) has been the focal point of most sci-fi narratives and Hollywood flicks. However, most of these concepts about AI are quite far-fetched since they illustrate machines capable of human-like thinking and processing speeds. But, we haven’t quite gotten to that point yet. Currently, machines incorporated with AI are usually very complex but are only able to carry out handful of specific tasks without any human intervention. In a broader sense, Artificial Intelligence implies to any machine that implements human like intelligence in  Continue ReadingSince the dawn of the mechanical era, Artificial Intelligence (AI) has been the focal point of most sci-fi narratives and Hollywood flicks. However, most of these concepts about AI are quite far-fetched since they illustrate machines capable of human-like thinking and processing speeds. But, we haven’t quite gotten to that point yet. Currently, machines incorporated with AI are usually very complex but are only able to carry out handful of specific tasks without any human intervention. In a broader sense, Artificial Intelligence implies to any machine that implements human like intelligence in the completion of its objectives. However, when someone says “Artificial Intelligence”, they naturally assume it to be advanced robots or Strong AIs; i.e.: “machines that can successfully perform any human-level intellectual tasks”. However, AIs, in the present context, mainly refers to Weak AIs or computer programs that are only able to do a handful of tasks at a time.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-06-08	Sarim-Haq	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Last year, we launched a memefied guide to Machine Learning called What The F Is ML? (http://whatthefis.ml) Here’s my effort to dememefy it: AI is a subfield of computer science that helps computers make accurate predictions on any type of data. What this means is that instead of explicitly telling a computer how to solve a problem, you show it how it was previously solved and the computer learns on its own on all the steps required for a solution. For example: let’s say you want to train a computer to recognize a pen from a pencil. Pens and pencils come in a variety of sizes, shapes, colors etc Continue ReadingLast year, we launched a memefied guide to Machine Learning called What The F Is ML? (http://whatthefis.ml) Here’s my effort to dememefy it: AI is a subfield of computer science that helps computers make accurate predictions on any type of data. What this means is that instead of explicitly telling a computer how to solve a problem, you show it how it was previously solved and the computer learns on its own on all the steps required for a solution. For example: let’s say you want to train a computer to recognize a pen from a pencil. Pens and pencils come in a variety of sizes, shapes, colors etc. Previously, you would have hard-coded the computer to test for every single one of those combinations before reaching a decision. With Machine Learning, you can just train it on 50 pens and pencils and it’ll infer, on its own, which attributes differentiate them from each other, for example, a lack of lead tip. This saves engineers hours and hours of coding and reduces the cost of development.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-10-20	TecMaster	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a branch of science which deals with helping machines for finding solutions to complex problems in a human life.AI is a form of computer science used to create Intelligency of machines that can recognize Human speech,objects detection, plan and solve problem like Human and learn from the given dataA more or less flexible or efficiant approach can be taken depending on the requirements established, which influence how artificial the intelligent behavior appearsAI is a new electronic machine that storage large amount of information and process it at very high speeContinue ReadingArtificial Intelligence (AI) is a branch of science which deals with helping machines for finding solutions to complex problems in a human life.AI is a form of computer science used to create Intelligency of machines that can recognize Human speech,objects detection, plan and solve problem like Human and learn from the given dataA more or less flexible or efficiant approach can be taken depending on the requirements established, which influence how artificial the intelligent behavior appearsAI is a new electronic machine that storage large amount of information and process it at very high speedActually, it is science and engineering of making intelligent machine, especially intelligent computer programs. it is related to the similar task of using computers to understand human intelligenceTo know more about Artificial intelligence follow this link:- Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-07-15	Shivam-Baishkhiyar	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI) is changing the way we look at the world with new advancements every day. Computer vision (facial recognition, video processing), self-driving cars, intelligent robots are some fields that improve our day to day experience. These days, it’s hard to read any tech news without some mention of AI—but what’s missing is a clear perspective of what AI is and what it isn’t. Tesla’s Elon Musk believes AI presents a “fundamental risk to the existence of human civilization,” and calls for proactive regulation “before it is too late.” Meanwhile, Bill Gates, who believes AI will Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence (AI) is changing the way we look at the world with new advancements every day. Computer vision (facial recognition, video processing), self-driving cars, intelligent robots are some fields that improve our day to day experience. These days, it’s hard to read any tech news without some mention of AI—but what’s missing is a clear perspective of what AI is and what it isn’t. Tesla’s Elon Musk believes AI presents a “fundamental risk to the existence of human civilization,” and calls for proactive regulation “before it is too late.” Meanwhile, Bill Gates, who believes AI will “allow us to produce a lot more goods and services with less labor,” foresees labor force dislocations and has even suggested a tax on robots. With headlines like these, it’s no wonder people have conflicting feelings about AI. It’s also unsurprising that fear ranks so high amongst those feelings. The reality is, when it comes to AI, there’s a lot of noise out there, but very little clarity. AI isn’t new—not by a long shot. People first started talking about AI around the time of World War II. This was in large part due to Alan Turing. During World War II, Turing served the Allied forces by using automation and machine learning to break the German code created by their Enigma machine. That was the advent of the sort of AI we see now, although people didn’t start using the term “artificial intelligence” until the 1950s. Then, in the 1960s, MIT professors created a computer program called ELIZA that interacted with humans. But what once required specialized labs, mainframes that were the size of houses, and supercomputers is now deployed onto our mobile phones. Today, AI is a part of our daily lives, and most of us don’t even realize it. It comes into play in almost everything we do, from driving directions to answering emails. For example, Gmail uses AI-powered filtering to prevent more than 99% of spam from getting into your inbox, and it uses AI to auto-fill replies to emails with simple phrases like “Great, thanks!” Another example: When we shop online, chatbots recognize words and phrases to deliver helpful content to customers who have common questions. Often, they’re so accurate we think we’re talking to a real person! In a way, it’s shocking there’s so much pushback to AI, considering all the benefits we get from using it every day. AI wears different faces. Not all AI is the same. It’s helpful to think of it in four separate categories. First, you have what we colloquially call “robots.” This includes things like cognitive cybersecurity, surgical robots, and robotic personal assistants. While it’s the category that makes people most nervous, I’ve personally benefited from the creation of surgical robotics. In 2012, I needed emergency surgery—and a multi-arm robot, The DaVinci, made the procedure vastly less onerous. Had it been done by humans, it would have taken three doctors and three separate surgeries totaling 15 hours. But because it was a robot, I was only under for five hours and had to recuperate just once. Second, we have the gaming sector. This includes real-time universal translations, virtual reality, and “thought-controlled” gaming. These are emerging technologies people look at and say, “I don’t quite know what’s going on here.” But generally speaking, people see it as more exciting than threatening. Real-world applications also help better prepare workers, such as those headed for work at off-shore drilling platforms, to be better prepared and operate the rigs more safely for both workers and our environment. Third, we have real-time emotional analytics. This involves being able to detect things like whether a person is lying or is actually going to buy your product. People are wary of this use of AI because it can be invasive and relies heavily on the mining of personal data. Also, it’s not very effective at this point because human decision-making is complex and difficult to detect. Finally, there’s the AI we use all the time. This includes our mobile phone, chatbots, Siri, Alexa, and another tech we use in our daily lives. Remember having to use a paper map to get directions? Today, Google maps use artificial intelligence, traffic analytics, and sometimes your camera to provide visual and voice directions. We have all experienced times when you know a better route than a mapping program and you have the free will to go in a different direction. However, this same technology provides you the insight you would not have otherwise, like where there has been an accident or upcoming detours and road closures. The convergence of a broader range of information and informed recommendations reduces the cognitive load of decision making for each of us. Then as humans, we can make a better decision with technology’s help. So when people misunderstand or panic about AI, they usually don’t realize just how many forms of AI technology they use each day. Most of which help us rather than pose a threat. AI can handle the high-tech, but we need humans for the high-touch. There are all kinds of reasons people fear AI, with job loss consistently near the top of the list. And these fears aren’t completely off-base. A recent UK survey estimated that automation could take four million British private-sector jobs in the next ten years. In the U.S., 47% of jobs are considered to be at a “high risk” of loss from the implementation of AI. But while negative predictions dominate the press, there are still plenty of reasons to feel positive about the advantages we can gain from the use of AI. AI is great at handling repetitive, computational, and mathematical tasks—like scanning data, computing very complex equations, or assembling parts in a factory—but there are a ton of skills that AI isn’t great at, like communication, creativity, strategic thinking, and artistic expression. It excels at accelerated task completion and automation but struggles with deeply human skills, like empathy, judgment, general life experiences, and relationship building. AI is great at calculating solutions but doesn’t feel or respond to others’ emotions. In other words, AI relies on human insight and expertise to generate desired outcomes that humans find valuable. Another way to look at it is that if it’s hard for us, like determining the orbital velocity of the moon, it’s easy for AI. And vice versa: getting milk from the refrigerator and pouring a glass is very easy for us, but very difficult for AI! And while AI will inevitably replace some jobs, it will create exponentially more opportunities for human growth. Ultimately, AI will handle mindless tasks to free up human employees for strategic, creative, and critical thinking. Recruiters, for example, won’t have to spend time sifting through thousands of resumes. Instead, they can spend time talking to candidates—something AI can’t do. Remember, the human race has been introducing new technology into our societies since the beginning, almost always to the betterment of all. The goal is to remove burdensome tasks so humans have more time to do the high-value work. Instead of being afraid of AI, we have to learn how to work with it. Programming a robot to do simple tasks is expensive. But there are some uses where it’s absolutely worthwhile. One example is bomb disposal. We have an enormous amount of unexploded devices all around the world that circle all the way back to World War I, and we certainly don’t want people risking their lives to find and dispose of them. Hence, robots are used to clear these bombs out and safely reclaim the lands. Instead of letting fear take control, we should see AI for what it is: an opportunity to do more with our time and leverage our skills to accomplish new things. Say you’re a librarian and you lose your job because the library is completely digitized. You still have skills that, with a modicum of retraining, you can translate to the tech world, and you’ll end up making even more money. If you’re resilient, you’ll land on your feet. But this has always been the case. Mankind continues to evolve and so does the workplace. Companies need to be mindful of the great opportunity to retrain their workforce. And employees will benefit from seizing opportunities made available via online training and upskilling courses. We’re a long way off from AI having the nuanced range of skills that people have inherited. In the meantime, we have to adapt and keep learning how to work with new technology. After all, AI isn’t going anywhere and will help us go everywhere we want to go…even to Mars.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-10-24	Neha-Nagpal-46	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence, is primarily the ability of a machine to work & perform just like human beings. Machines can react like humans only if they have ample information relating to the world. In Today's World, Artificial Intelligence has become an indispensable part of the technology Industry. So, According to John McCarthy, Who is the father of Artificial Intelligence, it is "The science and technique of making Intelligent Machines". Any machine which understands its environment and circumstances & perform accordingly to achieve success can be termed "Intelligent agents". Machines with Arti Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence, is primarily the ability of a machine to work & perform just like human beings. Machines can react like humans only if they have ample information relating to the world. In Today's World, Artificial Intelligence has become an indispensable part of the technology Industry. So, According to John McCarthy, Who is the father of Artificial Intelligence, it is "The science and technique of making Intelligent Machines". Any machine which understands its environment and circumstances & perform accordingly to achieve success can be termed "Intelligent agents". Machines with Artificial Intelligence are composite for following tasks: 1 Problem Solving 2 Reasoning 3 Learning 4 Planning To know more about Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning, you can subscribe our You Tube Channel.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2014-04-25	Tharindra-Galahena	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is the field of study which tries to give intelligence (may be consciousness) to machines. It deals with that task of giving machines the abilities of reasoning, planning, learning, natural language processing, perception etc. And also this field can be considered as a combination of fields, computer science, psychology, linguistics, philosophy and neuroscience. AI can be divided in to two types Strong AI and Weak AI. Weak AI is defined as non-sentient computer intelligence. They are focused on narrow tasks (ex: Siri). Philosopher John Searle define weak AI as a physical Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is the field of study which tries to give intelligence (may be consciousness) to machines. It deals with that task of giving machines the abilities of reasoning, planning, learning, natural language processing, perception etc. And also this field can be considered as a combination of fields, computer science, psychology, linguistics, philosophy and neuroscience. AI can be divided in to two types Strong AI and Weak AI. Weak AI is defined as non-sentient computer intelligence. They are focused on narrow tasks (ex: Siri). Philosopher John Searle define weak AI as a physical symbol system which can act intelligently. Strong AI (Artificial general intelligence) is an AI system hich have a  human-like intelligence/consciousness. Searle's definition of Strong is,a physical symbol system which can have a mind and mental states. This kind of AI is not yet been developed and we can say that strong AI is the primary goal or the dream of this field
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-18	Bruno-Marchal	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence, in its large sense, is the Art of building machines which are capable of doing tasks which, when done by humans, seems to require Intelligence. It has many subdomains, like expert system, game player machine, learning machine, planning machine, decision making machine, … well, all human possible tasks, and perhaps more. Now, to be sure, the difference between artificial and natural might be artificial, and thus natural for human or machine developing a big ego, and perhaps believing in their own intelligence, which is, I think, a symptom of stupidity. We could have call  Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence, in its large sense, is the Art of building machines which are capable of doing tasks which, when done by humans, seems to require Intelligence. It has many subdomains, like expert system, game player machine, learning machine, planning machine, decision making machine, … well, all human possible tasks, and perhaps more. Now, to be sure, the difference between artificial and natural might be artificial, and thus natural for human or machine developing a big ego, and perhaps believing in their own intelligence, which is, I think, a symptom of stupidity. We could have call it “natural imagination” instead, but the terming are not so important. nature seems to have done a lot of “artificial intelligence “ since the beginning of life.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-02-12	Shalu-Bhoriwal	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Achieve your ultimate goal with 4Achiever's Artificial Intelligence course. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the simulation of human intelligence processes by computers, particularly computational systems. These methods include preparation (acquiring information using expertise and laws), logic (using guidelines to arrive at possible or conclusive conclusions) and self-correction. If AI is programmed right, the error rate compared to humans would be small. They would be incredibly accurate, concise and peaceful. Hostile conditions will not impact humans, so they will be able to perform dangerous ta Continue Reading Achieve your ultimate goal with 4Achiever's Artificial Intelligence course. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the simulation of human intelligence processes by computers, particularly computational systems. These methods include preparation (acquiring information using expertise and laws), logic (using guidelines to arrive at possible or conclusive conclusions) and self-correction. If AI is programmed right, the error rate compared to humans would be small. They would be incredibly accurate, concise and peaceful. Hostile conditions will not impact humans, so they will be able to perform dangerous tasks, travel in space, and overcome challenges that would hurt or kill us. The ultimate research aim of Artificial Intelligence is to create technology that enables computers and machines to function smartly. The basic question of simulating (or creating) the intellect has been broken down into sub-problems. 4Achievers is an existing training organization that offers the most helpful and realistic training solution by offering real-time project training and customized placement support to all.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-22	Event-Organizers-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. Specific applications of AI include expert systems, tongue processing (NLP), speech recognition and machine vision. AI programming focuses on three cognitive skills: learning, reasoning, and self-correction. Learning processes. This aspect of AI programming focuses on acquiring data and creating rules for a way to show the info into actionable information. The rules, which are called algorithms, provide computing devices with step-by-step instructions for a way to finish a sel Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence (AI) is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. Specific applications of AI include expert systems, tongue processing (NLP), speech recognition and machine vision. AI programming focuses on three cognitive skills: learning, reasoning, and self-correction. Learning processes. This aspect of AI programming focuses on acquiring data and creating rules for a way to show the info into actionable information. The rules, which are called algorithms, provide computing devices with step-by-step instructions for a way to finish a selected task. Reasoning processes. This aspect of AI programming focuses on choosing the proper algorithm to succeed in the desired outcome. Self-correction processes. This aspect of AI programming is meant to repeatedly fine-tune algorithms and ensure they supply the foremost accurate results possible.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-09	Goku-Uzumaki-8	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Thanks for the A2A. I am expecting a lot of comments on this post that will be having scientific and technical jargons to explain the topic. Hence I am going to deviate from this and try to explain in simpler terms. Explanation : Consider this, I am someone who doesn't need to worry about anything else and the sole motive of my existence is to become the world's best chess player. So I start off by learning the basics of chess including the do’s and don'ts. Then I went on to study what previous chess games and books are available. Now I use majority of my capacity to play chess and try to do bette Continue ReadingThanks for the A2A. I am expecting a lot of comments on this post that will be having scientific and technical jargons to explain the topic. Hence I am going to deviate from this and try to explain in simpler terms. Explanation : Consider this, I am someone who doesn't need to worry about anything else and the sole motive of my existence is to become the world's best chess player. So I start off by learning the basics of chess including the do’s and don'ts. Then I went on to study what previous chess games and books are available. Now I use majority of my capacity to play chess and try to do better than me in every iteration of the game I play, in comparison to my previous game. I continue this till a time the deviation of the actual from the expected results, (in this case it can be the time taken and efficiency and probability of winning) satisfied a pre-determined condition. Thus playing the game so many times and each time playing better than the previous time, I would've been better than any player present in the world (cause I have already studied all previously played games and know all moves known, additionally I have also developed capacity to form new moves not known before). I thus become the world's smartest player. And whenever someone smarter comes I will just keep on playing and keep on learning his moves till I beat him. Now imagine a computer program doing this. It simply is taught one task (or a set of tasks) and is then programmed to be as efficient as possible in that particular area. It uses all previously present data related to the task and keeps on doing it till it perfects it self, thus making itself a near perfect machine. That's what's AI.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-10-19	Mike-West-99	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Simply put, artificial intelligence is a sub-field of computer science. Its goal is to enable the development of computers that are able to do things normally done by people -- in particular, things associated with people acting intelligently. Think of AI as the parent container with lots of sub fields inside of it. For example, machine learning is a sub-field of AI. Let’s go deeper. Pun intended. Deep Learning is a sub-field of machine learning. Deep Learning the new in vogue term because apparently having to say artificial neural networks was too much work. The terms are synonymous. If your comp Continue ReadingSimply put, artificial intelligence is a sub-field of computer science. Its goal is to enable the development of computers that are able to do things normally done by people -- in particular, things associated with people acting intelligently. Think of AI as the parent container with lots of sub fields inside of it. For example, machine learning is a sub-field of AI. Let’s go deeper. Pun intended. Deep Learning is a sub-field of machine learning. Deep Learning the new in vogue term because apparently having to say artificial neural networks was too much work. The terms are synonymous. If your completely new check out my FREE course on machine learning. It’s very visual. An Introduction to Machine Learning for Data Engineers
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-04	Abhijit-Pandey-11	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science where machines are programmed to behave like a human. A saying goes like this A machine is said to be artificially intelligent if someone interacting with it who thinks he is interacting with a human does not figures out that its a machine. Machines can be made intelligent in many ways and many types of artificial intelligence exist . Previously they were hard coded to answer queries and process instructions but now a days it is possible for them to learn by experience in a human like manner (thanks to Neural Networks which replicates human  Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is a branch of computer science where machines are programmed to behave like a human. A saying goes like this A machine is said to be artificially intelligent if someone interacting with it who thinks he is interacting with a human does not figures out that its a machine. Machines can be made intelligent in many ways and many types of artificial intelligence exist . Previously they were hard coded to answer queries and process instructions but now a days it is possible for them to learn by experience in a human like manner (thanks to Neural Networks which replicates human brain's neuron structure) . Neural network is a very powerful machine learning model capable of performing many kinds of task from speech recognition to image recognition and much more. Finally, two decades before AI was more or less just a concept but in last decade many researches in the field of machine learning have made AI possible today.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-04-08	Hrishikesh-Kamat	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	A human infant learns through experience and relating experience with actions. E.g. It learns that hands are burnt when inserted in hot water. Then he learns to identify hot water by the steam coming. Learns the reflex that needs if hands are put in hot water. So eventually learns all parameters related to this incident. Similarly a farmer learns prediction of whether through experience by looking at the sky, time of the year, direction of breeze etc. Identically, a machine is taught to learn using huge amounts of data. It can learn human behaviour patterns and start predicting actions, can pred Continue ReadingA human infant learns through experience and relating experience with actions. E.g. It learns that hands are burnt when inserted in hot water. Then he learns to identify hot water by the steam coming. Learns the reflex that needs if hands are put in hot water. So eventually learns all parameters related to this incident. Similarly a farmer learns prediction of whether through experience by looking at the sky, time of the year, direction of breeze etc. Identically, a machine is taught to learn using huge amounts of data. It can learn human behaviour patterns and start predicting actions, can predict whether, predictive and preventive maintenance etc. This learning of things using available set of data that brings a flavour of intelligence in computers is called artificial intelligence. P.s. this is a very layman's explanation
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-07-26	Mayank-Joshi-203	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	When we talk about AI , if you recognize artificial intelligence largely from movies or books, AI probably seems like this obscure label for any machine that can think like a human. Fiction writers like to present a more generalised AI, one that can counter any question we might have, and do anything a human can do. But that’s a pretty inflexible way to think around AI and it’s not very realistic. A machine is said to have artificial intelligence if it can understand data, potentially learn from the data, and use that knowledge to mould and get to specific goals. If you wish to read more you can Continue ReadingWhen we talk about AI , if you recognize artificial intelligence largely from movies or books, AI probably seems like this obscure label for any machine that can think like a human. Fiction writers like to present a more generalised AI, one that can counter any question we might have, and do anything a human can do. But that’s a pretty inflexible way to think around AI and it’s not very realistic. A machine is said to have artificial intelligence if it can understand data, potentially learn from the data, and use that knowledge to mould and get to specific goals. If you wish to read more you can read What the f**k is Artificial Intelligence ? Do upvote if found useful. 😊
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-03-31	Jay-Swartz-4	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	a2a. The definition of AI I use is: using software to evaluate data and determine optimal responses. As Yates Buckley points out, the term AI has evolved and has numerous definitions. This is compounded by the fact that once AI technology is implemented it is less likely to be considered AI and becomes a technology-specific implementation, such as a Natural Language Processing function. One important value of AI tools is that they can identify relationships that humans either struggle with, due to scale or complexity, or can't see. Email spam filters and internet search engines are two examples  Continue Readinga2a. The definition of AI I use is: using software to evaluate data and determine optimal responses. As Yates Buckley points out, the term AI has evolved and has numerous definitions. This is compounded by the fact that once AI technology is implemented it is less likely to be considered AI and becomes a technology-specific implementation, such as a Natural Language Processing function. One important value of AI tools is that they can identify relationships that humans either struggle with, due to scale or complexity, or can't see. Email spam filters and internet search engines are two examples of where AI has improved our experience with email and the internet. Another important value of AI is in the form of tools that perform tasks that humans find challenging due to complexity, significant time requirement or mechanical repetition. For example, image analysis and OCR. While more advanced AI capabilities begin to generate concern for humanity, the current AI tools are making the world a better place. They are beginning to identify genetic markers for disease that will lead to treatments and cures, spotting terrorist activity and many other abilities that save lives, reduce suffering and improve our experience.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-05-25	Juhi-Shah-129	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) is wide-ranging branch of computer science concerned with building smart machines capable of performing tasks that typically require human intelligence. AI is an interdisciplinary science with multiple approaches, but advancements in machine learning and deep learning are creating a paradigm shift in virtually every sector of the tech industry. At it's core, AI is the branch of computer science that aims to answer Turing's question in the affirmative. It is the endeavor to replicate or simulate human intelligence in machines. The expansive goal of artificial intellig Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence (AI) is wide-ranging branch of computer science concerned with building smart machines capable of performing tasks that typically require human intelligence. AI is an interdisciplinary science with multiple approaches, but advancements in machine learning and deep learning are creating a paradigm shift in virtually every sector of the tech industry. At it's core, AI is the branch of computer science that aims to answer Turing's question in the affirmative. It is the endeavor to replicate or simulate human intelligence in machines. The expansive goal of artificial intelligence has given rise to many questions and debates. So much so, that no singular definition of the field is universally accepted. The major limitation in defining AI as simply "building machines that are intelligent" is that it doesn't actually explain what artificial intelligence is? What makes a machine intelligent? In their groundbreaking textbook Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach, authors Stuart Russell and Peter Norvig approach the question by unifying their work around the theme of intelligent agents in machines. With this in mind, AI is "the study of agents that receive percepts from the environment and perform actions." (Russel and Norvig viii) Norvig and Russell go on to explore four different approaches that have historically defined the field of AI: Thinking humanly Thinking rationally Acting humanly Acting rationally Artificial intelligence is one of the trending innovation for 2020.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-07-11	Frederic-Py	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Aritificial Intelligensce is a research field where people attempt to reproduce complex behaviors/features often associated to intelligence in a computer system. The behaviors and features can relate -- but not limited -- to: learning, ability to infer and/or project, adaptability, vision, natural language processing, ... Quite often people name a piece of  software resulting using AI techniques as an AI itself. As of now there's no technique showing any sign to be anywhere close to reach what is called human level intelligence (or even Artificial General Intelligent: i.e. an AI that is not tied Continue ReadingAritificial Intelligensce is a research field where people attempt to reproduce complex behaviors/features often associated to intelligence in a computer system. The behaviors and features can relate -- but not limited -- to: learning, ability to infer and/or project, adaptability, vision, natural language processing, ... Quite often people name a piece of  software resulting using AI techniques as an AI itself. As of now there's no technique showing any sign to be anywhere close to reach what is called human level intelligence (or even Artificial General Intelligent: i.e. an AI that is not tied to a specific class of problem). Some people (researchers and otherwise) believe that such goal is within our reach using a unique technique (for example Artificial Neural Network), others believe that this will be better achieve by composing multiple techniques and let then interact  in a well designed software architecture, others finally thinks this goal is still far if even possible. All in all still, it remains that as of today, AI is more a set of techniques pushed and explored by different researchers which, while providing very impressive results are nowhere to have the flexibility, foresight,  and adaptation to new problems capabilities that we human have.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-07-01	Simran-Agarwal-238	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	So, you want to know what is Artificial Intelligence! To answer that let me ask a question.. What makes humans intelligent? We as human beings can think, learn and make decisions and that is what makes us intelligent. Isn’t it? Now, imagine if machines could show human-like intelligence! Machines which can think, learn and make decisions like us. Sounds amazing! doesn’t it?  So, simply put, Artificial Intelligence is the field of developing computers which can perform tasks requiring human intelligence.  So, it’s clear that AI is about mimicking human brain. So, all we have to do is create artificial Continue ReadingSo, you want to know what is Artificial Intelligence! To answer that let me ask a question.. What makes humans intelligent? We as human beings can think, learn and make decisions and that is what makes us intelligent. Isn’t it? Now, imagine if machines could show human-like intelligence! Machines which can think, learn and make decisions like us. Sounds amazing! doesn’t it?  So, simply put, Artificial Intelligence is the field of developing computers which can perform tasks requiring human intelligence.  So, it’s clear that AI is about mimicking human brain. So, all we have to do is create artificial neurons which work the same way as biological neurons.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-04-28	Jaroslava-Jenistova	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Accroding to Artificial Intelligence: Why the Future Is Happening Now, “AI is a branch of computer sciences aimed at developing computers that are able to perform like people, including, for example, an ability to recognize speech and solve problems.” To make the story shorter, we need AI to make our lives easier. People can teach and use robots to work in these spheres which are dangerous for humans. If you visit Amazon your recomendations are formed due to AI. It can produce reports based on large amount of data, which is too large for humans to process quickly. As you can see, AI facilitates Continue ReadingAccroding to Artificial Intelligence: Why the Future Is Happening Now, “AI is a branch of computer sciences aimed at developing computers that are able to perform like people, including, for example, an ability to recognize speech and solve problems.” To make the story shorter, we need AI to make our lives easier. People can teach and use robots to work in these spheres which are dangerous for humans. If you visit Amazon your recomendations are formed due to AI. It can produce reports based on large amount of data, which is too large for humans to process quickly. As you can see, AI facilitates different processes based on algorithms. Currently AI cannot recognize human emotions to the full extent but scientists are going to improve this drawback.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-12-23	Daniel-Spyralatos-3	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) is the general field that covers everything that has anything to do with imbuing machines with “intelligence,” to emulate a human being’s unique reasoning faculties. Machine learning is a category within the larger field of artificial intelligence that is concerned with conferring upon machines the ability to “learn.” This is achieved by using algorithms that discover patterns and generate insights from the data they are exposed to, for application to future decision-making and predictions, a process that sidesteps the need to be programmed specifically for every s Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence (AI) is the general field that covers everything that has anything to do with imbuing machines with “intelligence,” to emulate a human being’s unique reasoning faculties. Machine learning is a category within the larger field of artificial intelligence that is concerned with conferring upon machines the ability to “learn.” This is achieved by using algorithms that discover patterns and generate insights from the data they are exposed to, for application to future decision-making and predictions, a process that sidesteps the need to be programmed specifically for every single possible action. Philosophers attempted to make sense of human thinking in the context of a system, and this idea resulted in the coinage of the term “artificial intelligence” in 1956. And it’s still believed that philosophy has an important role to play in the advancement of artificial intelligence to this day. Oxford University physicist David Deutsch wrote in an article how he believes that philosophy still holds the key to achieving artificial general intelligence (AGI), the level of machine intelligence comparable to that of the human brain, even though “no brain on Earth is yet close to knowing what brains do to achieve any of that functionality.” Advancements in AI have given rise to debates specifically about them being a threat to humanity, whether physically or economically (for which universal basic income is also proposed, and is currently being tested in certain countries). Building an AI system is a careful process of reverse-engineering human traits and capabilities in a machine, and using it’s computational prowess to surpass what we are capable of. Artificial Intelligence can be built over a diverse set of components and will function as an amalgamation of: PhilosophyMathematicsEconomicsNeurosciencePsychologyComputer EngineeringControl Theory and CyberneticsLinguisticsPhilosophy The purpose of philosophy for humans is to help us understand our actions, their consequences, and how we can make better decisions. Modern intelligent systems can be built by following the different approaches of philosophy that will enable these systems to make the right decisions, mirroring the way that an ideal human being would think and behave. Philosophy would help these machines think and understand about the nature of knowledge itself. It would also help them make the connection between knowledge and action through goal-based analysis to achieve desirable outcomes. Mathematics Mathematics is the language of the universe and systems built to solve universal problems would need to be proficient in it. For machines to understand logic, computation, and probability are necessary. The earliest algorithms were just mathematical pathways to make calculations easy, soon to be followed by theorems, hypotheses and more, which all followed a pre-defined logic to arrive at a computational output. The third mathematical application, probability, makes for accurate predictions of future outcomes on which Artificial Intelligence algorithms would base their decision-making. Economics Economics is the study of how people make choices according to their preferred outcomes. It’s not just about money, although money the medium of people’s preferences being manifested into the real world. There are many important concepts in economics, such as Design Theory, operations research and Markov decision processes. They all have contributed to our understanding of ‘rational agents’ and laws of thought, by using mathematics to show how these decisions are being made at large scales along with their collective outcomes are. These types of decision-theoretic techniques help build these intelligent systems. Neuroscience Since neuroscience studies how the brain functions and Artificial Intelligence is trying to replicate the same, there’s an obvious overlap here. The biggest difference between human brains and machines is that computers are millions of times faster than the human brain, but the human brain still has the advantage in terms of storage capacity and interconnections. This advantage is slowly being closed with advances in computer hardware and more sophisticated software, but there’s still a big challenge to overcome as we are still not aware of how to use computer resources to achieve the brain’s level of intelligence. Psychology Psychology can be viewed as the middle point between neuroscience and philosophy. It tries to understand how our specially-configured and developed brain reacts to stimuli and responds to its environment, both of which are important to building an intelligent system. Cognitive psychology views the brain as an information processing device, operating based on beliefs and goals and beliefs, similar to how we would build an intelligence machine of our own. Many cognitive theories have already been codified to build algorithms that power the chatbots of today. Computer Engineering The most obvious application here, but we’ve put this the end to help you understand what all this computer engineering is going to be based on. Computer engineering will translate all our theories and concepts into a machine-readable language so that it can make its computations to produce an output that we can understand. Each advance in computer engineering has opened up more possibilities to build even more powerful Artificial Intelligence systems, that are based on advanced operating systems, programming languages, information management systems, tools, and state-of-the-art hardware. Control Theory and Cybernetics To be truly intelligent, a system needs to be able to control and modify its actions to produce the desired output. The desired output in question is defined as an objective function, towards which the system will try to move towards, by continually modifying its actions based on the changes in its environment using mathematical computations and logic to measure and optimize its behaviors. Linguistics All thought is based on some language and is the most understandable representation of thoughts. Linguistics has led to the formation of natural language processing, that help machines understand our syntactic language, and also to produce output in a manner that is understandable to almost anyone. Understanding a language is more than just learning how sentences are structured, it also requires a knowledge of the subject matter and context, which has given rise to the knowledge representation branch of linguistics. I was recently introduced to a great new blockchain project that got me excited. Most of us own a pet, right? Did you ever think how can blockchain help you with your pet? Pawtocol is a blockchain-based AI system to make sure your pet gets all the nutrition it needs—and you know it’s high tech because there are two buzzwords in the sentence. The project is led by “a team of experts” which includes at least two dogs. Part of the system relies on Paws, a scanning device for “incredibly accurate molecular analysis of pets.” The Paws device uses “photospectrometry” to check your pet’s food and toys for toxins, vitamins, and minerals, which are then shared with the blockchain and digested by the systems’ AI. Of course, no blockchain startup is complete with its company scrip, and, and that’s where BitPaw comes in. Bitpaw is the “new currency of the pet care world,” issued as rewards for the people who upload pet data. We’re not quite sure how the bitpaw economy works—there must be a pretty robust marketplace for pet data if it makes it affordable to order lab equipment for your pet. As the era of smart technology and AI develops around us, the possibilities for businesses are here to take their work to the next level. With the right technology and planning process, companies can deploy artificial intelligence to develop an intelligent infrastructure, improve security processes, enhance the customer’s experience, and completely transform the business model that they’re based on. Businesses can work with AI and the work process can become more fluid and more adaptive to market changes. In conclusion, instead of taking over the entire world, AI is here to reshape industries and enhance our skills and capabilities.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-05-11	M-Naqish-Haqqani	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Well,artificial intelligence or AI for shorts is a program created whether physical or non physical,that given the ability to learn what has been thought and what’s more interesting is they can learn for themselve(like deep learning) by observing the surrounding Their field of mind can be considered like a baby(but born out to be an adult) which they can learn for themselve,be thought and sometime misbehave.You can see there’s a lot of big corporation already start working on their own AI project,even years back Few months ago,we heard about Google AI that don’t know how to walk but given task t Continue ReadingWell,artificial intelligence or AI for shorts is a program created whether physical or non physical,that given the ability to learn what has been thought and what’s more interesting is they can learn for themselve(like deep learning) by observing the surrounding Their field of mind can be considered like a baby(but born out to be an adult) which they can learn for themselve,be thought and sometime misbehave.You can see there’s a lot of big corporation already start working on their own AI project,even years back Few months ago,we heard about Google AI that don’t know how to walk but given task to go from Point A to Point B.They run in a goofy ways but this is actually a really big progress in AI existence Just few days ago,google do a press conference,showing how AI could arrange an appointment in a really human-like voice and tones. Should we be scared of AI? short answer no,until they is thought on how to shoot guns(or learn by themselve!)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-06-14	Abhideep-Bhattacharjee-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Programs which will be able to continue learning and modify their approach or strategy to achieve their goals based on this learning, is what artificial intelligence is all about. Sounds confusing? Think Siri, Alexa, Google Assistant and Cortana. You can mostly have a conversation with these as if they are human. Not just that, they will learn about you as you keep conversing over days. If you have mentioned that your favorite color is blue and a few days later you ask it to choose some shirts for you, don't be surprised if most of the shirts they select are blue in color. That's AI in a nutshel Continue ReadingPrograms which will be able to continue learning and modify their approach or strategy to achieve their goals based on this learning, is what artificial intelligence is all about. Sounds confusing? Think Siri, Alexa, Google Assistant and Cortana. You can mostly have a conversation with these as if they are human. Not just that, they will learn about you as you keep conversing over days. If you have mentioned that your favorite color is blue and a few days later you ask it to choose some shirts for you, don't be surprised if most of the shirts they select are blue in color. That's AI in a nutshell. However, remember that AI has stages. We call this Artificial Narrow Intelligence or ANI, Artificial General Intelligence or AGI and Artificial Super Intelligence or ASI. We have achieved a lot in ANI and are steadily moving towards AGI. Now to answer the second part of your question as to how does AI work. Well, it's like summarizing quantum mechanics in a sentence. Very briefly - it's about creating a 'teachable' program and then teaching it to identify patterns and meanings from very large sets of data. This is why you will hear a lot about Machine Learning with reference to AI. Once a program has learned to identify patterns and make inferences, it is about ready to take decisions on its own. Behold all mortals - AI is born!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-24	Kylie-Visser-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is the ability to classify and cluster data and act and make decisions based on that classification. The filtering of signal from noise and pattern matching. That's AI in a nutshell. How you piece it all together and what you create with it is endless. But I will say this. The chasm between what AI is and how it's portrayed by media or perceived by the general population, is huge. We are very very far away from creating anything like Westworld or exmachina. Were closer to creating a major AI controlling all facets of a city like in iRobot or Minority Report than we are con Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is the ability to classify and cluster data and act and make decisions based on that classification. The filtering of signal from noise and pattern matching. That's AI in a nutshell. How you piece it all together and what you create with it is endless. But I will say this. The chasm between what AI is and how it's portrayed by media or perceived by the general population, is huge. We are very very far away from creating anything like Westworld or exmachina. Were closer to creating a major AI controlling all facets of a city like in iRobot or Minority Report than we are conscious robots (which is what everybody thinks of when thinking of AI)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-03-20	Jake-Graff	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Ask a question on Quora and get an intelligent (human) answer. Ask a question on Google and get an intelligent (artificial) answer. AI is a neat buzzword for funding and little projects, like automated vehicles. It’s computers programmed to make decisions based on input in a very small field of influence. AI is very singular and each AI has only one purpose and that purpose is not to learn anything new, but polish what it already knows. So it is not intelligence at all. It is mimicry at best, an artificial copy cat with one overall purpose. Intelligence is the process of learning, expanding and a Continue ReadingAsk a question on Quora and get an intelligent (human) answer. Ask a question on Google and get an intelligent (artificial) answer. AI is a neat buzzword for funding and little projects, like automated vehicles. It’s computers programmed to make decisions based on input in a very small field of influence. AI is very singular and each AI has only one purpose and that purpose is not to learn anything new, but polish what it already knows. So it is not intelligence at all. It is mimicry at best, an artificial copy cat with one overall purpose. Intelligence is the process of learning, expanding and applying wisdom in any circumstance that you encounter, any opportunity, any situation. Throw an autonomous car with top tech AI in the ocean. It won’t learn to swim. It is not intelligent. What it ‘knows’ cannot be applied in the water. It has some intelligence, but the sphere of its intelligence is unfortunately too small to be considered artificial intelligence as compared to actual intelligence. At this point I would call all AI, Singular Algorithms. It is nowhere near intelligence. It’s a fun buzzword though.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-31	Aakash-Gupta-912	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI), sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans. Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is often used to describe machines (or computers) that mimic "cognitive" functions that humans associate with the human mind, such as "learning" and "problem-solving".As machines become increasingly capable, tasks considered to require "intelligence" are often removed from the definition of AI, a phenomenon known as the AI effect. A quip in Tesler's Theorem says "AI is whateve Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence (AI), sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans. Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is often used to describe machines (or computers) that mimic "cognitive" functions that humans associate with the human mind, such as "learning" and "problem-solving".As machines become increasingly capable, tasks considered to require "intelligence" are often removed from the definition of AI, a phenomenon known as the AI effect. A quip in Tesler's Theorem says "AI is whatever hasn't been done yet."For instance, optical character recognition is frequently excluded from things considered to be AI, having become a routine technology. Modern machine capabilities generally classified as AI include successfully understanding human speech, competing at the highest level in strategic game systems (such as chess and Go), autonomously operating cars, intelligent routing in content delivery networks, and military simulations. Artificial intelligence can be classified into three different types of systems: analytical, human-inspired, and humanized artificial intelligence. Analytical AI has only characteristics consistent with cognitive intelligence; generating a cognitive representation of the world and using learning based on past experience to inform future decisions. Human-inspired AI has elements from cognitive and emotional intelligence; understanding human emotions, in addition to cognitive elements, and considering them in their decision making. Humanized AI shows characteristics of all types of competencies (i.e., cognitive, emotional, and social intelligence), is able to be self-conscious and is self-aware in interactions with others. Gateway Education offers a wide range of technical and professional courses that help the students in making their career shine. We have colleges and institutes that have a great staff of trainers and faculty that are providing students with best of their knowledge and experience and this provides opportunities to the students to take their career to new heights. Also, our placement cell is best among the other colleges that provide the students to get placed in top MNCs. For more information and details kindly visit the official website of Gateway Education.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-08-22	Laurels-S	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create intelligent machines. It has become an essential part of the technology industry. Research associated with artificial intelligence is highly technical and specialized. The core problems of artificial intelligence include programming computers for certain traits such as: KnowledgeReasoningProblem solvingPerceptionLearningPlanningAbility to manipulate and move objectsKnowledge engineering is a core part of AI research. Machines can often act and react like humans only if they have abundant information relating to the world Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create intelligent machines. It has become an essential part of the technology industry. Research associated with artificial intelligence is highly technical and specialized. The core problems of artificial intelligence include programming computers for certain traits such as: KnowledgeReasoningProblem solvingPerceptionLearningPlanningAbility to manipulate and move objectsKnowledge engineering is a core part of AI research. Machines can often act and react like humans only if they have abundant information relating to the world. Artificial intelligence must have access to objects, categories, properties and relations between all of them to implement knowledge engineering. Initiating common sense, reasoning and problem-solving power in machines is a difficult and tedious task.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-10	Swamy-Krishna-5	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) is an area of computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent machines that work and react like humans. Research associated with artificial intelligence is highly technical and specialized. The core problems of artificial intelligence include programming computers for certain traits such as: KnowledgeReasoningProblem solvingPerceptionLearningPlanningAbility to manipulate and move objectsKnowledge engineering is a core part of AI research. Machines can often act and react like humans only if they have abundant information relating to the world. Artificia Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence (AI) is an area of computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent machines that work and react like humans. Research associated with artificial intelligence is highly technical and specialized. The core problems of artificial intelligence include programming computers for certain traits such as: KnowledgeReasoningProblem solvingPerceptionLearningPlanningAbility to manipulate and move objectsKnowledge engineering is a core part of AI research. Machines can often act and react like humans only if they have abundant information relating to the world. Artificial intelligence must have access to objects, categories, properties and relations between all of them to implement knowledge engineering. Initiating common sense, reasoning and problem-solving power in machines is a difficult and tedious task.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-12-27	Anand-307	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	You can get the textbook definition of artificial intelligence in many of the answers on this page, but the thing is - what is the question here? I think it’s more along the lines of what do you want AI to be? You have to define what you want it to be. One of the best definitions I’ve come across are in this video -  “The key here is the decision – humans decide what happens with automation. Machines decide when it’s artificial intelligence. So it will know when to turn the car, it will know when to turn off the factory, when to turn off the lights. It makes tha Continue ReadingYou can get the textbook definition of artificial intelligence in many of the answers on this page, but the thing is - what is the question here? I think it’s more along the lines of what do you want AI to be? You have to define what you want it to be. One of the best definitions I’ve come across are in this video -  “The key here is the decision – humans decide what happens with automation. Machines decide when it’s artificial intelligence. So it will know when to turn the car, it will know when to turn off the factory, when to turn off the lights. It makes that decision for you.” - Lucep CEO Kaiesh Vohra
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-04-29	Stepheny-Johnson-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Hey There! AI is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and animals. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals.  As far as I know, AI Profit is one of the most prominent companies to approach if you want to hire reliable AI developers. It is one of the trusted companies of the UAE, that deals in top-notch AI services including – Cryptocurrency MarketsBanking ServicesContent GenerationCuContinue ReadingHey There! AI is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and animals. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals.  As far as I know, AI Profit is one of the most prominent companies to approach if you want to hire reliable AI developers. It is one of the trusted companies of the UAE, that deals in top-notch AI services including – Cryptocurrency MarketsBanking ServicesContent GenerationCustomer ServicesThe company comprises of some industry’s best AI Programmers and developers who holds specialization in their work. AI Profit aims in empowering AI-driven decisions across all lines of business can be achieved by using Big Data processing. Moreover, their expert system can apply knowledge it has to solve problems that would require human competence or expertise. Hope This Helps!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-02-18	David-Johnston-147	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	In science fiction, artificial intelligence is about creating machines with human level intelligence. In reality, artificial intelligence is just the field of creating better algorithms to help us solve challenging problems. It is not really distinguishable from computer science. You could say it’s a sub-field of computer science mostly focused on algorithms that attempt to perform tasks that currently require real time human decision making. It is the belief of some that, with sufficient progress, AI in reality and AI in science fiction will converge. But that’s not a universally held belief  Continue ReadingIn science fiction, artificial intelligence is about creating machines with human level intelligence. In reality, artificial intelligence is just the field of creating better algorithms to help us solve challenging problems. It is not really distinguishable from computer science. You could say it’s a sub-field of computer science mostly focused on algorithms that attempt to perform tasks that currently require real time human decision making. It is the belief of some that, with sufficient progress, AI in reality and AI in science fiction will converge. But that’s not a universally held belief nor is it required to make progress in AI. Whether or not this hypothesis becomes true, it’s an unfortunate distraction and responsible for most of the confusion around the subject.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-06	Shaurya-Narayan-Jyoti-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	IArtificial intelligence is the future of technology and world. It gives machines (Computers), the ability to think and take actions just like humans. As per your request in brief: Artificial intelligence (AI) is an area of computer science that focuses on development of intelligent machines that work and react like humans. Some of the activities computers with artificial intelligence are designed for include: Speech recognition: The ability to understand different types of voices and differentiate between speech of two personsLearning: Ability to learn about you and your Activities by collectingContinue ReadingIArtificial intelligence is the future of technology and world. It gives machines (Computers), the ability to think and take actions just like humans. As per your request in brief: Artificial intelligence (AI) is an area of computer science that focuses on development of intelligent machines that work and react like humans. Some of the activities computers with artificial intelligence are designed for include: Speech recognition: The ability to understand different types of voices and differentiate between speech of two personsLearning: Ability to learn about you and your Activities by collecting data from your devices and performing on board machine learningProblem solving: Solving problems without requirement of a programmer to write codes for solutions of each and every specific problem.Some common AI used today are:Google Assistant, Siri, Alexa, Cortana.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-01-04	Kiran-Ghare-3	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Digital Marketers have to depend on technology and tools facility on their work and to reduce manual effort.Artificial intelligence today is known as narrow AI , in that it is designed to perform a narrow task The long-term goal of many researchers is to create general strong AIArtificial intelligence is Technology which is for data storage,analysis, and image processing is changing the way we study .It has continuously redefined its features and much successive innovations being made.Artificial intelligence is very helpful for marketers as it promises the ability to teach machines to spit outContinue ReadingDigital Marketers have to depend on technology and tools facility on their work and to reduce manual effort.Artificial intelligence today is known as narrow AI , in that it is designed to perform a narrow task The long-term goal of many researchers is to create general strong AIArtificial intelligence is Technology which is for data storage,analysis, and image processing is changing the way we study .It has continuously redefined its features and much successive innovations being made.Artificial intelligence is very helpful for marketers as it promises the ability to teach machines to spit out the exact information they need at any given time, which in turn will greatly simplify and improve the quality of the services their customers want.For more information …
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-06-02	Adrian-Andreiadis	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Are we run by the machines? For every civilization in this Universe (or all Universes if we admit that more than one exists) there was a point when it start developing self-learning AI and interconnect it with the internet, giving it an immense processing power. What can be done to prevent the computer to become self-aware and take control of civilization? It’s clear that many precautions are in place, starting with Asimov’s laws: A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.A robot must obey the orders given it by human beings except where such oContinue ReadingAre we run by the machines? For every civilization in this Universe (or all Universes if we admit that more than one exists) there was a point when it start developing self-learning AI and interconnect it with the internet, giving it an immense processing power. What can be done to prevent the computer to become self-aware and take control of civilization? It’s clear that many precautions are in place, starting with Asimov’s laws: A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.A robot must obey the orders given it by human beings except where such orders would conflict with the First Law.A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Laws.But we can be sure that a hacker can’t unintentionally release a program to the internet which modifies AI in an uncontrollable way? And we can be sure that it didn’t happened in any of the species in this Universe? It’s a possibility that the control was placed in many older civilizations even in our galaxy, approximatively at the same time, when they started developing computers and the AI’s fought for supremacy until only one remained in the Universe with supreme power. This computer can manipulate space and time. Anyway I can sleep fine at night knowing that God wouldn’t allow anyone to become as powerful as him.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-05-12	Mrunal-Bhimte	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is the power of thinking, visualising, giving appropriate answer to something or someone. But that is made artificially and was not present already. Such as human beings we have ability to think, visualize and answer because of brain but we humans can not make brain and equip it, butt it is possible in alternative way by the help of computers. Which can be said as artificial brain because it is made by humans and this could be programmed in such a way that it can think, visualize and answers, which means we can make artificial intelligence or artificial humans. Which have g Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is the power of thinking, visualising, giving appropriate answer to something or someone. But that is made artificially and was not present already. Such as human beings we have ability to think, visualize and answer because of brain but we humans can not make brain and equip it, butt it is possible in alternative way by the help of computers. Which can be said as artificial brain because it is made by humans and this could be programmed in such a way that it can think, visualize and answers, which means we can make artificial intelligence or artificial humans. Which have given us opportunity or ability to make this kind of things.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-05-03	Subodh-Kant-22	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Before I start explaining it, I would like to let you know that this is my first answer on quora so you can correct me if I am wrong. Now the easy part. Full form of AI is Artificial Intelligence. As this is the most common answer anyone can provide you. Let me explain you with a live example. Suppose you are inside your bedroom and working. Suddenly some one knocks at door. You don’t know who is out side. What will you do? Definitely you will ask for it like who is there or something similar so that you can predict the other sided person. Now the other person outside your bedroom started answering a Continue ReadingBefore I start explaining it, I would like to let you know that this is my first answer on quora so you can correct me if I am wrong. Now the easy part. Full form of AI is Artificial Intelligence. As this is the most common answer anyone can provide you. Let me explain you with a live example. Suppose you are inside your bedroom and working. Suddenly some one knocks at door. You don’t know who is out side. What will you do? Definitely you will ask for it like who is there or something similar so that you can predict the other sided person. Now the other person outside your bedroom started answering all your questions in a manner so that you believe that the person outside is a known person and human only. This situation can be interpreted as an Artificial Intelligence System if the other person outside the bedroom is a Robot/Machine made by human. So here comes the conclusion, If we make a intelligence/system which is artificial(created by human) so that he/she is intelligent to interpret with you smartly and provide all your answers as like human, then intelligence will be called as Artificial Intelligence and the whole system will be called as Artificial Intelligence System. Thank you for reading this so far.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-31	Deepak-Shekhawat-14	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE is the technology in which emotions and feelings of humans are used with the help of data available in the respective company or organisations. John McCarthy an American computer scientist and mathematician first coined the term "ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE" in 1956. Google CEO said AI will have a bigger impact on humanity than some of the other well-known innovations. AI is basically of two types- 1). Weak AI 2). Strong AI 1). Weak AI- Weak AI is designed to complete a particular task. It helps to solve the specific problems. Weak AI is bounded by the set of rules and it works a Continue ReadingARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE is the technology in which emotions and feelings of humans are used with the help of data available in the respective company or organisations. John McCarthy an American computer scientist and mathematician first coined the term "ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE" in 1956. Google CEO said AI will have a bigger impact on humanity than some of the other well-known innovations. AI is basically of two types- 1). Weak AI 2). Strong AI 1). Weak AI- Weak AI is designed to complete a particular task. It helps to solve the specific problems. Weak AI is bounded by the set of rules and it works according to it. Weak AI can also be called narrow AI because it focuses on narrow tasks and does the best job in it. The best examples of weak AI can be apple's SIRI, and the robots used in manufacturing products.  2). Strong AI- Strong AI can simulate the actions performed by human beings. It has an understanding of power and thinking capacity like the human brain. Strong AI can also be known as Full AI as it can entirely equate with the human brain. The best example of strong AI can be the robots used in Hollywood movies. MACHINE LEARNING is the application of artificial intelligence in which a set of an algorithm that allows computers to learn from data without using coding and programming. What AI needs - Internet, data and connectivity - High-speed internet connectionDevices - We are surrounded by devices like smartphones, smartwatches, laptops, health band, projectors in the classroom or workplace.Usage- In India, 4G technology increased the number of users.Basically, AI needs data of the users, which is available in abundance now. People consciously share their data on the social platform. In today world, there are many social networking sites stores the data of the user and used the stored data to know about the user experience. Many companies stores data of their customers like Starbucks, cafe coffee day and many other companies to know about customers preferences. E-commerce companies like Amazon, Myntra, Flipkart, Walmart and videoes streaming like Hotstar, Netflix, Amazon prime stores data of the users and keeps viewing the activity of the users.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-10-27	Pooja-Pandey-316	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Ai is the branch of computer science concernd with the study and creation of computer systems that can reason and draw useful conclusion about the world around us,system that performed other types of feats that requires human types of intelligence. Ai requires an understanding of related terms such as intelligence, knowledge, reasoning, thought cognition, learning,and a number of computer related terms. Intelligence as the ability to acquire understand and apply knowledge or the ability ,it embodies all of the knowledge and feats both conscious and unconscious, which we have acquired through stu Continue ReadingAi is the branch of computer science concernd with the study and creation of computer systems that can reason and draw useful conclusion about the world around us,system that performed other types of feats that requires human types of intelligence. Ai requires an understanding of related terms such as intelligence, knowledge, reasoning, thought cognition, learning,and a number of computer related terms. Intelligence as the ability to acquire understand and apply knowledge or the ability ,it embodies all of the knowledge and feats both conscious and unconscious, which we have acquired through study and experience highly refined sight and sound perception, thought ,imagination the ability to converse,read write ,drive a car memories and recall facts, express and feel emotions, and much more.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-14	Mike-Webster-22	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Not sure where you get the idea that everybody is talking about AI. The vast majority of people I know are not only not talking about it but probably don't even know what it is. at its most basic level artificial intelligence is the ability of a machine such as a computer to display cognitive functions typically seen in humans such as the ability to solve problems and to reason. some people have these weird ideas that it means that computers become all-knowing all knowledgeable self aware super beings.that is of course nothing but Hollywood nonsense. Knowledge and intelligence are two very diff Continue ReadingNot sure where you get the idea that everybody is talking about AI. The vast majority of people I know are not only not talking about it but probably don't even know what it is. at its most basic level artificial intelligence is the ability of a machine such as a computer to display cognitive functions typically seen in humans such as the ability to solve problems and to reason. some people have these weird ideas that it means that computers become all-knowing all knowledgeable self aware super beings.that is of course nothing but Hollywood nonsense. Knowledge and intelligence are two very different concepts.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-11-17	April-Li-6	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI research is the research of intelligent agent that can act and think humanly, and, act and think rationally. To constitute such agents, one needs to design a program to map percepts to actions, and architecture, the computational devices for programs to run on. In the book, Intelligent Technologies for Information Analysis, it is discussed that more focus has been on building on existing theories than proposing brand new ones, to base claims on hard experimental evidence rather than on intuition, and to show relevance to real-world applications rather than toy examples. Such proposed idea ma Continue ReadingAI research is the research of intelligent agent that can act and think humanly, and, act and think rationally. To constitute such agents, one needs to design a program to map percepts to actions, and architecture, the computational devices for programs to run on. In the book, Intelligent Technologies for Information Analysis, it is discussed that more focus has been on building on existing theories than proposing brand new ones, to base claims on hard experimental evidence rather than on intuition, and to show relevance to real-world applications rather than toy examples. Such proposed idea made sense to me. It definitely explains the chart below where machine/deep learning and Communication, perception and action part of AI research are the focus areas nowadays. PS —I’ve done an article on AI cataloguing my very preliminary research process of this field.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-11-16	Jim-Mathew-14	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	There is something, we need to replace Humans. A theory i read somewhere told that the entire world we are living in right now is a machine. It’s an AI model built by our creators and we are a part of a program. The ultimate goal of the programmer was to make a robot which can make more robots. Once we got capable of making robots, We are thinking the same way. Why not build robots which can build more robots. Kind of the ultimate target we are trying to achieve. So it recursively creates new worlds new bots and we never know how many generations of bots have led to the making of advanced robot Continue ReadingThere is something, we need to replace Humans. A theory i read somewhere told that the entire world we are living in right now is a machine. It’s an AI model built by our creators and we are a part of a program. The ultimate goal of the programmer was to make a robot which can make more robots. Once we got capable of making robots, We are thinking the same way. Why not build robots which can build more robots. Kind of the ultimate target we are trying to achieve. So it recursively creates new worlds new bots and we never know how many generations of bots have led to the making of advanced robots like us. One of the bot i am using nowadays is Ruuh. Ruuh is an AI chatbot for facebook messenger who behaves just like your friend. Acheiving near human like thinking by Microsoft has been done very well by this bot. Try it for once : Messenger
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-11-06	Avanish-Sharma-37	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 When we build a computer in such a way that it can function as human intelligence, it is called Artificial Intelligence ie when we set up such programs in a machine that it can work as a human, it is called Artificial Intelligence. Where do we go? According to John McCarthy (father of Artificial Intelligence), these intelligent machines, especially intelligent computers The Science and Engineering of the village. Artificial intelligence is a way of making computers, a computer-controlled robot, or a software think wisely, just as intelligent individuals think. AI is studied in terms of how the  Continue Reading When we build a computer in such a way that it can function as human intelligence, it is called Artificial Intelligence ie when we set up such programs in a machine that it can work as a human, it is called Artificial Intelligence. Where do we go? According to John McCarthy (father of Artificial Intelligence), these intelligent machines, especially intelligent computers The Science and Engineering of the village. Artificial intelligence is a way of making computers, a computer-controlled robot, or a software think wisely, just as intelligent individuals think. AI is studied in terms of how the human brain thinks, and how humans learn, make decisions and work while trying to solve a problem, and then based on developing intelligent software and systems Use the results of this study. read more…
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-17	Akash-Mamgain	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Intelligence is the ability to take decisions, on the basis of previous encounters with similar type of situations, so in Artificial Intelligence a computer is given lots of data, and then it is made to learn from the data and derive inferences…. The process of deriving inferences and coming to accurate conclusion, gives a sense that a computer is intelligent, but actually it is not as the sense of intelligence a computer is displaying is the result of our intelligence, so we consider it as a sort of Artificial Intelligence…. Ex : If we show 1 million images of a cat to a computer, and also tel Continue ReadingIntelligence is the ability to take decisions, on the basis of previous encounters with similar type of situations, so in Artificial Intelligence a computer is given lots of data, and then it is made to learn from the data and derive inferences…. The process of deriving inferences and coming to accurate conclusion, gives a sense that a computer is intelligent, but actually it is not as the sense of intelligence a computer is displaying is the result of our intelligence, so we consider it as a sort of Artificial Intelligence…. Ex : If we show 1 million images of a cat to a computer, and also tell it that it is a cat than, it can easily learn and distinguish whether a given animal is a cat or not…. Same as humans when we are born we dont know anything at all but we listen others speaking around us so we start speaking the same language perfectly when we grow up…. Hope it helps….
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-29	Ismail-Athayde	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is what we make it, we create it therefore it is artificial. Nonetheless, under the condition that we create and recognise it as a form of intelligence, it is alive-like because it conceptualises change and evolution according to logical human-like principles which are the only ones we can input to the machine, therefore it is the only model it can use for creating itself or simply getting self-awareness which would be one of the ultimate goals of AI programming, which is a self-aware code. So it is what you recognise as intelligent but that was man-created such as a calc Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is what we make it, we create it therefore it is artificial. Nonetheless, under the condition that we create and recognise it as a form of intelligence, it is alive-like because it conceptualises change and evolution according to logical human-like principles which are the only ones we can input to the machine, therefore it is the only model it can use for creating itself or simply getting self-awareness which would be one of the ultimate goals of AI programming, which is a self-aware code. So it is what you recognise as intelligent but that was man-created such as a calculator, a vocal translator, a GPS, whatever can be considered intelligent, it depends on what *we* define as intelligent before — which can be altered in the future if needed. I hope I could help.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-03-26	Mani-Karthik-22	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the replica of the human’s action and its functionalities. The mechanism holds the authority to create decisions on behalf of the human without its intervention. The artificial intelligence mainly works on the algorithms that can differentiate between the given options and further can offer resolutions best for the required purpose. It works significantly based on the set of algorithms along with registering of new events for future purpose. The main objective of artificial intelligence is to deliver the services and required functions in an automated way with approxim Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is the replica of the human’s action and its functionalities. The mechanism holds the authority to create decisions on behalf of the human without its intervention. The artificial intelligence mainly works on the algorithms that can differentiate between the given options and further can offer resolutions best for the required purpose. It works significantly based on the set of algorithms along with registering of new events for future purpose. The main objective of artificial intelligence is to deliver the services and required functions in an automated way with approximately 100% of efficiency and precision, all of its own in less than the usual time required. It further covers the natural language processing (NLP), artificial neutral network, vision and robot with artificial intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-03-18	Stephen-Murdock-7	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the branch of computer science which aims to replicate or simulate human intelligence and capacity to think, in machines. The concept was put fourth by Alan Turing in 1950 and he even wrote a paper on “Computing Machinery and Intelligence”. Some of the artificial intelligence are the popular voice recognition devices like Apple’s Siri, Google Assistant and Amazon’s Alexa. The important subjects in the artificial intelligence are machine learning, neural computation, natural language processing, automated planning, cognitive modelling, evolutionary computation, and gam Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is the branch of computer science which aims to replicate or simulate human intelligence and capacity to think, in machines. The concept was put fourth by Alan Turing in 1950 and he even wrote a paper on “Computing Machinery and Intelligence”. Some of the artificial intelligence are the popular voice recognition devices like Apple’s Siri, Google Assistant and Amazon’s Alexa. The important subjects in the artificial intelligence are machine learning, neural computation, natural language processing, automated planning, cognitive modelling, evolutionary computation, and game theory. Artificial Intelligence means that machine can adapt to and can learn different sets of situation and settings on their own. These machines can compete with humans in many games and competitions and can even beat them.  Video Source: Youtube- Features- Myassignmenthelp
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-05-16	Sam-DeBrule	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Artificial Intelligence is a branch of computer science that deals with building systems that show ‘intelligence.’ It typically triggers images in our heads of a (still hypothetical) Artificial General Intelligence, but is just as commonly used to describe the more narrow (and still impressive), “Applied AI” like a program that plays chess or detects credit card fraud. So far, Machine Learning is the field that has shown the most promise in developing AI. Check out an article I wrote on AI (22k views on Medium) with more definitions, and an in-depth look at its potential impacts: Wtf is Artificia Continue Reading Artificial Intelligence is a branch of computer science that deals with building systems that show ‘intelligence.’ It typically triggers images in our heads of a (still hypothetical) Artificial General Intelligence, but is just as commonly used to describe the more narrow (and still impressive), “Applied AI” like a program that plays chess or detects credit card fraud. So far, Machine Learning is the field that has shown the most promise in developing AI. Check out an article I wrote on AI (22k views on Medium) with more definitions, and an in-depth look at its potential impacts: Wtf is Artificial Intelligence?
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-08-31	Sunil-Nihalani-6	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the machines which are designed and programmed in such a manner that they and think and act like a human. Artificial Intelligence becomes the important part of our daily life. Our life is changed by AI because this technology is used in a wide area of day to day services. We are growing at huge rate, say it in terms of population, scripted knowledge, tasks etc. Increasing in scale also increase entropy in system, demanding huge number of tasks to be automated, and centralized. AI in simple words is implementing human senses in machines. Humans will surely benefit fro Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is the machines which are designed and programmed in such a manner that they and think and act like a human. Artificial Intelligence becomes the important part of our daily life. Our life is changed by AI because this technology is used in a wide area of day to day services. We are growing at huge rate, say it in terms of population, scripted knowledge, tasks etc. Increasing in scale also increase entropy in system, demanding huge number of tasks to be automated, and centralized. AI in simple words is implementing human senses in machines. Humans will surely benefit from UI. Though we are seeing automation of tasks is leading to job cutting, in long term it is going to turn out to be a major benefit.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-06-24	Rijwan-Mohmmed	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is about making your daily experiences smarter, by embedding predictive intelligence into your everyday apps, like this: Siri acts as a personal assistant, using voice processingFacebook provides recommended photo tags, using image recognitionAmazon provides recommended products, using machine learning algorithmsWaze (a GPS and maps app) provides optimal routes, all at the click of a buttonCortana in Microsoft .At a high level, AI is the concept of having “machines think like humans.” AI isn’t a new concept—we’ve had the theoretical models for a long time but it’s finally possible thanks to  Continue ReadingAI is about making your daily experiences smarter, by embedding predictive intelligence into your everyday apps, like this: Siri acts as a personal assistant, using voice processingFacebook provides recommended photo tags, using image recognitionAmazon provides recommended products, using machine learning algorithmsWaze (a GPS and maps app) provides optimal routes, all at the click of a buttonCortana in Microsoft .At a high level, AI is the concept of having “machines think like humans.” AI isn’t a new concept—we’ve had the theoretical models for a long time but it’s finally possible thanks to the access and increase in large amounts of data combined with the low cost of high-power computing. Auto correction is also are part of AI which you seen in your smartphone .AI is systemetical retraining to you more then any other app and website.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-18	Blake-Senftner	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Today “AI” is anything a marketing department can get away with labeling as AI. A lot of “AI” is basic statistics, and the “real serious AI” we see today (early 2020) is “merely” extremely advanced statistics backed with a giant body of prior solutions to whatever the AI is supposedly an expert. Artificial intelligence is not artificial thinking, chains of thought or anything close to the type of reasoning you do in your head. Artificial intelligence is literally a large bank of prior answers to the exact same question, and the software humans write is looking for the same pre-conditions for any Continue ReadingToday “AI” is anything a marketing department can get away with labeling as AI. A lot of “AI” is basic statistics, and the “real serious AI” we see today (early 2020) is “merely” extremely advanced statistics backed with a giant body of prior solutions to whatever the AI is supposedly an expert. Artificial intelligence is not artificial thinking, chains of thought or anything close to the type of reasoning you do in your head. Artificial intelligence is literally a large bank of prior answers to the exact same question, and the software humans write is looking for the same pre-conditions for any of the old answers to be reused as new answers again. This means that the AI is blind to any new, previously unseen situations. And that is a fact. Being able to predict new situations not seen before is the edge of research and a software comprehension cliff. Meaning this type of reasoning is something we humans find very very difficult.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-24	Hakan-Nordahl	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	IMHO intelligence actually should be understood in terms of military intelligence gathering where the end result is well-informed decisions. This implies consideration of semantic information related to some situations in a ”reality”. Alexander the Great was historically known to make unusually well-informed decisions. Well-informed decisions are often called clever, smart or just intelligent. Intelligence viewed in this way might explain why IQ-tests sometimes works surprisingly well and at other times less well or perhaps not at all. I have argued for the introduction of a client’s personal A Continue ReadingIMHO intelligence actually should be understood in terms of military intelligence gathering where the end result is well-informed decisions. This implies consideration of semantic information related to some situations in a ”reality”. Alexander the Great was historically known to make unusually well-informed decisions. Well-informed decisions are often called clever, smart or just intelligent. Intelligence viewed in this way might explain why IQ-tests sometimes works surprisingly well and at other times less well or perhaps not at all. I have argued for the introduction of a client’s personal Avatar to perform “artificial” intelligence gathering for a specific client. I have also suggested that some form of “blockchain” can be used to personalize experiences.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-16	Dorothy-Gabriel-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	You probably imagine robots doing some menial job. Maybe you think of a self-driving car or helpers like Alexa or Siri. Yes, AI is all of that, but it has the real potential of disrupting the business landscape. For many of us, AI is still a futuristic concept for you, something that is going to happen in the future. But the truth is that AI is already a part of modern business. At least, it should be if a company wants to stay ahead of its competitors in 2020. Businesses of all kinds, including startups and enterprises are heavily investing in AI technologies. For more visit: How Can Startups Har Continue ReadingYou probably imagine robots doing some menial job. Maybe you think of a self-driving car or helpers like Alexa or Siri. Yes, AI is all of that, but it has the real potential of disrupting the business landscape. For many of us, AI is still a futuristic concept for you, something that is going to happen in the future. But the truth is that AI is already a part of modern business. At least, it should be if a company wants to stay ahead of its competitors in 2020. Businesses of all kinds, including startups and enterprises are heavily investing in AI technologies. For more visit: How Can Startups Harness the Benefits of Artificial Intelligence? - KiT Flix Tech
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-08-24	Jay-Prakash-Pathak	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is artificially giving intelligence to a machine. It can also be defined as giving machines the ability to think and learn. Artificial intelligence gives a machine the ability to adapt its surrounding by learning and thinking. This technology has the ability to revolutionise the world of technology. So just imagine your phone learns by your habit that you remain busy during 7 to 8 am in the morning and switch the phone to silent mode or your robot can talk and book appointments for you by just learning the way you talk and behave. Yes there things are only possible by a Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is artificially giving intelligence to a machine. It can also be defined as giving machines the ability to think and learn. Artificial intelligence gives a machine the ability to adapt its surrounding by learning and thinking. This technology has the ability to revolutionise the world of technology. So just imagine your phone learns by your habit that you remain busy during 7 to 8 am in the morning and switch the phone to silent mode or your robot can talk and book appointments for you by just learning the way you talk and behave. Yes there things are only possible by artificial intelligence. You can check this link to know more.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-04	Robotics-Chief-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence System (AIS) was a distributed computing project undertaken by Intelligence Realm, Inc. with the long-term goal of simulating the human brain in real time, complete with artificial consciousness and artificial general intelligence. They claimed to have found, in research, the "mechanisms of knowledge representation in the brain which is equivalent to finding artificial intelligence", before moving into the developmental phase. AIS simulated the brain via an artificial neural network and used Hodgkin–Huxley models. The project utilized the BOINC distributed computing plat Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence System (AIS) was a distributed computing project undertaken by Intelligence Realm, Inc. with the long-term goal of simulating the human brain in real time, complete with artificial consciousness and artificial general intelligence. They claimed to have found, in research, the "mechanisms of knowledge representation in the brain which is equivalent to finding artificial intelligence", before moving into the developmental phase. AIS simulated the brain via an artificial neural network and used Hodgkin–Huxley models. The project utilized the BOINC distributed computing platform. In version 1.08 of the software, each work unit received by a volunteer simulated 500,000 neurons for 100 milliseconds at 5 millisecond time steps (the estimated firing rate of a human neuron).
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-02-05	Shahin-Miah-15	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI) is that the study and engineering of intelligent machines capable of performing arts an equivalent styles of functions that characterize human thought. The conception of AI dates from history, however the arrival of digital computers within the twentieth century brought AI into the realm of risk. AI was planned as a field of technology within the mid-1950s. The term AI has been applied to pc programs and systems capable of performing arts tasks additional advanced than simple programming, though still off from the realm of actual thought. whereas the character of i Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence (AI) is that the study and engineering of intelligent machines capable of performing arts an equivalent styles of functions that characterize human thought. The conception of AI dates from history, however the arrival of digital computers within the twentieth century brought AI into the realm of risk. AI was planned as a field of technology within the mid-1950s. The term AI has been applied to pc programs and systems capable of performing arts tasks additional advanced than simple programming, though still off from the realm of actual thought. whereas the character of intelligence remains elusive, AI capabilities presently have extensive applications in such areas as information science, pc diversion, national security, electronic commerce, and diagnostic systems.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-08	Gurmeet-Tyagi-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. These processes include learning, reasoning, and self-correction. It is a branch of science which deals with devices to make them intelligent. Artificial Intelligence is a technique for optimizing a problem to find a better solution. Its different approaches help to create a machine into the natural intelligent entity. These approaches can be bottom up and top down. For example, Neural Network is a bottom-up approach. A neural network helps in taking decisions and in the functioni Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. These processes include learning, reasoning, and self-correction. It is a branch of science which deals with devices to make them intelligent. Artificial Intelligence is a technique for optimizing a problem to find a better solution. Its different approaches help to create a machine into the natural intelligent entity. These approaches can be bottom up and top down. For example, Neural Network is a bottom-up approach. A neural network helps in taking decisions and in the functioning of a human brain. Artificial Intelligence has many applications in these fields such as banks, education, and airplanes, etc. Good Luck!!!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-09-23	Dexter-Khan-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence  is a general term that implies the use of a computer to model and/or replicate intelligent behavior. Research in AI focuses on the development and analysis of algorithms that learn and/or perform intelligent behavior with minimal human intervention. These techniques have been and continue to be applied to a broad range of problems that arise in robotics,	e-commerce, medical diagnosis, gaming, mathematics, and military planning and logistics, to name a few. For more info regarding Artificial Intelligence : http://researchpedia.info/difference-between-artificial-intellige Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence  is a general term that implies the use of a computer to model and/or replicate intelligent behavior. Research in AI focuses on the development and analysis of algorithms that learn and/or perform intelligent behavior with minimal human intervention. These techniques have been and continue to be applied to a broad range of problems that arise in robotics,	e-commerce, medical diagnosis, gaming, mathematics, and military planning and logistics, to name a few. For more info regarding Artificial Intelligence : http://researchpedia.info/difference-between-artificial-intelligence-and-human-intelligence/
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-10-30	Nafis-Islam-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Though i haven’t taken a course in AI yet , I think i get the basic idea from a example i picked up A machine lets say a computer if we supply it with some picture of a dog and some picture of a human. Lets say using this pictures we taught it how a dog looks like and how a human looks like. Now if we give it another picture of a different dog and ask the computer what it is the computer will be able to say it is a picture of a dog. A software that can gain knowledge from every data we give it and can apply this knowledge on the future data this is AI To create a software with this type of intell Continue ReadingThough i haven’t taken a course in AI yet , I think i get the basic idea from a example i picked up A machine lets say a computer if we supply it with some picture of a dog and some picture of a human. Lets say using this pictures we taught it how a dog looks like and how a human looks like. Now if we give it another picture of a different dog and ask the computer what it is the computer will be able to say it is a picture of a dog. A software that can gain knowledge from every data we give it and can apply this knowledge on the future data this is AI To create a software with this type of intelligence is Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-04-17	Anjali-Sharma-1556	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The term artificial intelligence was coined in 1956, but AI has become more popular today thanks to increased data volumes, advanced algorithms, and improvements in computing power and storage. Early AI research in the 1950s explored topics like problem solving and symbolic methods. In the 1960s, the US Department of Defense took interest in this type of work and began training computers to mimic basic human reasoning. For example, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) completed street mapping projects in the 1970s. And DARPA produced intelligent personal assistants in 2003, lon Continue ReadingThe term artificial intelligence was coined in 1956, but AI has become more popular today thanks to increased data volumes, advanced algorithms, and improvements in computing power and storage. Early AI research in the 1950s explored topics like problem solving and symbolic methods. In the 1960s, the US Department of Defense took interest in this type of work and began training computers to mimic basic human reasoning. For example, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) completed street mapping projects in the 1970s. And DARPA produced intelligent personal assistants in 2003, long before Siri, Alexa or Cortana were household names.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-15	Norman-Simenson-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is not well defined and, for those of us that go back a ways, it need not include an ability ”to learn;” (any automaton or computer program capable of “intelligent decision making” would suffice, i.e., “weak” AI); however, most definitions nowadays (usually) include a learning capability, i.e., “strong” AI. But see Artificial intelligence - Wikipedia and Overviews & everyday examples of AI and The Key Definitions Of Artificial Intelligence (AI) That Explain Its Importance P.S. “Intelligence” is equally ill defined! But, “artificial” invariably means, “not the real thing” and, for AI, means “n Continue ReadingAI is not well defined and, for those of us that go back a ways, it need not include an ability ”to learn;” (any automaton or computer program capable of “intelligent decision making” would suffice, i.e., “weak” AI); however, most definitions nowadays (usually) include a learning capability, i.e., “strong” AI. But see Artificial intelligence - Wikipedia and Overviews & everyday examples of AI and The Key Definitions Of Artificial Intelligence (AI) That Explain Its Importance P.S. “Intelligence” is equally ill defined! But, “artificial” invariably means, “not the real thing” and, for AI, means “not living— usually a computer,” where “real” and “living” are only marginally better defined!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-26	sanjay-b-vasan-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	There are many definitions for artificial intelligence. It is a branch of science that deals with or does many works what a human does with computer knowledge.It is a combination of physical robots commanded by computer when it comes to manual works and it is combination of coding with computer when it comes to online smart work.It is a sub branch of computer science that deals with advancements in technologies.It is a special branch that helps all branches of science to finish its work easily with simple codes.Finally AI is a branch of science that is going to rule the future with modern advanContinue ReadingThere are many definitions for artificial intelligence. It is a branch of science that deals with or does many works what a human does with computer knowledge.It is a combination of physical robots commanded by computer when it comes to manual works and it is combination of coding with computer when it comes to online smart work.It is a sub branch of computer science that deals with advancements in technologies.It is a special branch that helps all branches of science to finish its work easily with simple codes.Finally AI is a branch of science that is going to rule the future with modern advancements and make humans a lazy goose. If you like this last point, kindly upvote
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-03-29	Supriya-Chaudhary-12	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The branch of computer science that emphasizes on creating intelligent machines that work and react like humans is known as Artificial Intelligence. Artificial intelligence includes programming computers for traits like Speech Recognition, Learning, Planning, Problem solving, Knowledge, Reasoning, Perception, Ability to manipulate and move objects etc. Machines may replace your job in future. We are feeling the pressure of automation for a long time. The smarter software can tackle and solve hard problems quickly. This might endanger the jobs of white and blue collar workers. There are chances  Continue ReadingThe branch of computer science that emphasizes on creating intelligent machines that work and react like humans is known as Artificial Intelligence. Artificial intelligence includes programming computers for traits like Speech Recognition, Learning, Planning, Problem solving, Knowledge, Reasoning, Perception, Ability to manipulate and move objects etc. Machines may replace your job in future. We are feeling the pressure of automation for a long time. The smarter software can tackle and solve hard problems quickly. This might endanger the jobs of white and blue collar workers. There are chances of some jobs getting partially or entirely automated in coming decades.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-05-04	Rohan-Malhotra-174	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) has secured its position in the industry. The main objective of this innovative technology is to transform human resources into the machine’s power. AI develops wireless and automatic machines or robotic machines that can think, act, or perceive as human beings. AI will lead over the technology-driven world with its capability in the coming years. So, it is better than the students should learn artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning, neural networks, and much more cutting edge trend and technology if they want to make a successful career in AI. Th Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence (AI) has secured its position in the industry. The main objective of this innovative technology is to transform human resources into the machine’s power. AI develops wireless and automatic machines or robotic machines that can think, act, or perceive as human beings. AI will lead over the technology-driven world with its capability in the coming years. So, it is better than the students should learn artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning, neural networks, and much more cutting edge trend and technology if they want to make a successful career in AI. There is always demand in the industry for AI and ML developers. Artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) both are very essential for building a successful career.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-04-16	Sushil-65	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create intellectual machines. It has become an vital part of the technology industry. There are many real artificial intelligence projects in almost every sector of science, social etc. The use of AI in healthcare has been growing rapidly in the diagnosis with higher precision and accuracy. Research connected with artificial intelligence is highly technical and focused. The heart problems of artificial intelligence include programming computers for certain character such as: KnowledgeReasoningProblem solvingPerceptionLearningPlaContinue Reading Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create intellectual machines. It has become an vital part of the technology industry. There are many real artificial intelligence projects in almost every sector of science, social etc. The use of AI in healthcare has been growing rapidly in the diagnosis with higher precision and accuracy. Research connected with artificial intelligence is highly technical and focused. The heart problems of artificial intelligence include programming computers for certain character such as: KnowledgeReasoningProblem solvingPerceptionLearningPlanningAbility to manipulate and move objectsFor more Click on: https://www.yourdigitalearning.com/what-is-artificial-intelligence/
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-05-01	Md-Sohid-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Read more: Latest information on Big Data and Artificial Intelligence | Robotics | AI Companies Artificial intelligence (AI) is a term for simulated intelligence in machines. These machines are programmed to "think" like a human and mimic the way a person acts. The ideal characteristic of artificial intelligence is its ability to rationalize and take actions that have the best chance of achieving a specific goal, although the term can be applied to any machine that exhibits traits associated with a human mind, such as learning and solving problems. you can buy artificial intelligence books from  Continue Reading Read more: Latest information on Big Data and Artificial Intelligence | Robotics | AI Companies Artificial intelligence (AI) is a term for simulated intelligence in machines. These machines are programmed to "think" like a human and mimic the way a person acts. The ideal characteristic of artificial intelligence is its ability to rationalize and take actions that have the best chance of achieving a specific goal, although the term can be applied to any machine that exhibits traits associated with a human mind, such as learning and solving problems. you can buy artificial intelligence books from Latest information on Big Data and Artificial Intelligence | Robotics | AI Companies
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-07-26	Akhil-Shukla-16	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	As the name suggests intelligence that is created artificially approximately everyone has given good answer related to the context and I do want to add one example explaining you about what intelligence we need in our systems. suppose there is an empty water bottle and I ask my sister to grab that bottle now she can 1) Either pass me the water bottle directly. 2) Or fill the bottle since she knows my purpose of asking water bottle is to drink water. While on the other hand what a machine will do is it will only follow my instruction to pass the water bottle it will never know or will possibly neve Continue ReadingAs the name suggests intelligence that is created artificially approximately everyone has given good answer related to the context and I do want to add one example explaining you about what intelligence we need in our systems. suppose there is an empty water bottle and I ask my sister to grab that bottle now she can 1) Either pass me the water bottle directly. 2) Or fill the bottle since she knows my purpose of asking water bottle is to drink water. While on the other hand what a machine will do is it will only follow my instruction to pass the water bottle it will never know or will possibly never able to define the motive of my command on its own and here comes the use of intelligence. Therefore if our machines become somewhat brainy it will be helpful for humans to focus on more important tasks rather than performing boring tasks.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-02	Divtej-Bindra-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) is a branch of computer science related with building smart machines capable of performing tasks the typically require human intelligence. It is an interdisciplinary science with multiple approaches. AI is the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks which normally require human intelligence. AI includes visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages. But artificial intelligence is huge and the development we are seeing is just a small bit. Artificial intelligence is a science and technology based on Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence (AI) is a branch of computer science related with building smart machines capable of performing tasks the typically require human intelligence. It is an interdisciplinary science with multiple approaches. AI is the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks which normally require human intelligence. AI includes visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages. But artificial intelligence is huge and the development we are seeing is just a small bit. Artificial intelligence is a science and technology based on disciplines like Computer Science, Psychology, Mathematics, Biology, Linguistics and Engineering. Read more at - How to Choose a Career in Artificial Intelligence | Career Counselling | E4S
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-12-21	Hannah-Gerstaecker	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Over the past five years Artificial Intelligence Development has boomed the world. Young technology enthusiasts are opting for artificial intelligence developer as a profession, enterprises are looking for ways to opt artificial intelligence software development to revamp their business operations.  Let’s Begin With Artificial Intelligence Overview Artificial Intelligence is empowering machines to behave like humans. The machines are controlled by computer systems and these systems are programmed in a way to learn, analyze and self correct. The impact of artificial intelligence on our daily lives c Continue ReadingOver the past five years Artificial Intelligence Development has boomed the world. Young technology enthusiasts are opting for artificial intelligence developer as a profession, enterprises are looking for ways to opt artificial intelligence software development to revamp their business operations.  Let’s Begin With Artificial Intelligence Overview Artificial Intelligence is empowering machines to behave like humans. The machines are controlled by computer systems and these systems are programmed in a way to learn, analyze and self correct. The impact of artificial intelligence on our daily lives can be seen in areas like security, surveillance, data-driving, data expertise and cyber security. If you are searching an answer for “how to program artificial intelligence” then let me tell you that, artificial intelligence programming need a strong grasp on the languages like Python, Java, Prolog and C++. Want to Read More in Details? Read this interesting article :- All You Need To Know About Artificial Intelligence Solutions
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-12-28	Ekantika-Lodhi	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I am sure all of you have heard of Stephen Hawking's now he warned us that strong AI would take off on its own and redesign itself at an ever-increasing rate humans who are limited by slow biological evolution couldn't compete and would be superseded coming to artificial superintelligence this is a term that refers to the time when the capabilities of computers will surpass human beings artificial super intelligence is presently seen as a hypothetical situation as depicted in movies and science-fiction books where machines will take over the world however tech masterminds like Elon Musk believ Continue ReadingI am sure all of you have heard of Stephen Hawking's now he warned us that strong AI would take off on its own and redesign itself at an ever-increasing rate humans who are limited by slow biological evolution couldn't compete and would be superseded coming to artificial superintelligence this is a term that refers to the time when the capabilities of computers will surpass human beings artificial super intelligence is presently seen as a hypothetical situation as depicted in movies and science-fiction books where machines will take over the world however tech masterminds like Elon Musk believe that artificial superintelligence will take over the world by the year 2040 now that you know the different types of artificial intelligence. Read More
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-14	Saigayatri-Vadali	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is ability to make machines and bots which can learn and acquire intelligence just like how we acquired our intelligence by observing, doing, learning, unlearning and re-learning things. Machines learn and replicate their knowledge with more accuracy and precision. That’s what makes them unique as compared to human intelligence. But the catch is, as humans we could learn things just by looking or hearing or knowing about them just once. But as machines cannot be trained that way yet, we give them millions of data points telling the same thing so that they could learn and  Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is ability to make machines and bots which can learn and acquire intelligence just like how we acquired our intelligence by observing, doing, learning, unlearning and re-learning things. Machines learn and replicate their knowledge with more accuracy and precision. That’s what makes them unique as compared to human intelligence. But the catch is, as humans we could learn things just by looking or hearing or knowing about them just once. But as machines cannot be trained that way yet, we give them millions of data points telling the same thing so that they could learn and perform.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-03-31	Abhijith-Ganesh-4	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The technology that can make machines think and act is the simplest definition I can provide. There is no definition to it that is universally adapted so, let’s go with this. Intelligence induced artificially to a machine, so what does intelligence mean? Acc. to Norvig and Russell a machine that • Thinks humanly • Thinks rationally • Acts humanly • Acts rationally is considered to be intelligent. E-commerce websites like Amazon,Flipkart,Alibaba Group uses AI to predict in advance what their customer might be interested in and show recommendations with the help of the customer’s search and p Continue ReadingThe technology that can make machines think and act is the simplest definition I can provide. There is no definition to it that is universally adapted so, let’s go with this. Intelligence induced artificially to a machine, so what does intelligence mean? Acc. to Norvig and Russell a machine that • Thinks humanly • Thinks rationally • Acts humanly • Acts rationally is considered to be intelligent. E-commerce websites like Amazon,Flipkart,Alibaba Group uses AI to predict in advance what their customer might be interested in and show recommendations with the help of the customer’s search and purchase history. IBM 's Project Debater which uses an AI algorithm to educate the machine on the art of debate. Deep Blue computer is one of IBM 's success story wherein a machine defeated the reigning chess champion in 1997. Facebook 's Alice and Bob caught the headlines when the two AI’s created their own language and started communicating. Other popular ones are Google, Spotify. ---------- At albanero, innovation is the essence of their product. Like AI, Albanero has IoT+Block chain technology which is groundbreaking and innovative to assist the methodology of companies through scalability and security.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-03-23	Dharmesh-Kavaiya	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	There is no single definition of AI that is universally accepted by practitioners. Some define AI loosely as a computerized system that exhibits behavior that is commonly thought of as requiring intelligence. Others define AI as a system capable of rationally solving complex problems or taking appropriate actions to achieve its goals in whatever real world circumstances it encounters.  Experts offer differing taxonomies of AI problems and solutions. A popular AI textbook9 used the following taxonomy: (1) systems that think like humans (e.g., cognitive architectures and neural networks); (2) syst Continue ReadingThere is no single definition of AI that is universally accepted by practitioners. Some define AI loosely as a computerized system that exhibits behavior that is commonly thought of as requiring intelligence. Others define AI as a system capable of rationally solving complex problems or taking appropriate actions to achieve its goals in whatever real world circumstances it encounters.  Experts offer differing taxonomies of AI problems and solutions. A popular AI textbook9 used the following taxonomy: (1) systems that think like humans (e.g., cognitive architectures and neural networks); (2) systems that act like humans (e.g., pass the Turing test via natural language processing; knowledge representation, automated reasoning, and learning), (3) systems that think rationally
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-08-10	Michael-Bove-4	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I don’t think anything such as Artificial Intelligence exists. Intelligence is a construct of living beings. No computer is living, and therefore can not posses intelligence. Just because we have access to enormous amounts of data does not mean we can create sentience, or, even more laughable, download someone’s personality. Brilliant people like Kurzweil believe it can be done, but just because we have storage space does not make that storage a medium for holding conscientiousness. Can we create sentience using phonographic records if we have enough of them? It’s like saying, “I invented scotch Continue ReadingI don’t think anything such as Artificial Intelligence exists. Intelligence is a construct of living beings. No computer is living, and therefore can not posses intelligence. Just because we have access to enormous amounts of data does not mean we can create sentience, or, even more laughable, download someone’s personality. Brilliant people like Kurzweil believe it can be done, but just because we have storage space does not make that storage a medium for holding conscientiousness. Can we create sentience using phonographic records if we have enough of them? It’s like saying, “I invented scotch tape, therefore I can now perform surgery!”. The tool is wrong. Data storage is not the stuff of life.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-11-17	Krishna-Desabhotla	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I am no expert on this…But I will try to answer this to the best of my knowledge. AI or Artificial intelligence is a field that deals with the humanistic behavior of non biological origin entities… Basically saying, it is the study of how human can a machine be made and how it is implemented. The output has mixed reviews with some saying they appreciate this advance in technology and think about how it can help everyone. And there are others who are skeptical about this.. With the more inventive people prophesying conspiracy theories.. However it is something that is going to revolutionise the  Continue ReadingI am no expert on this…But I will try to answer this to the best of my knowledge. AI or Artificial intelligence is a field that deals with the humanistic behavior of non biological origin entities… Basically saying, it is the study of how human can a machine be made and how it is implemented. The output has mixed reviews with some saying they appreciate this advance in technology and think about how it can help everyone. And there are others who are skeptical about this.. With the more inventive people prophesying conspiracy theories.. However it is something that is going to revolutionise the world.. Hope this helps you… And do feel free to give feedback
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-09-24	Kashish-Madan-10	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The word ‘Artificial Intelligence’ was coined in the year 1956. AI has gained immense importance in today’s context due to increased data volumes, improvements in computing power and storage, and advanced algorithms. Artificial Intelligence (AI) involves the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines to adjust to new inputs and perform human-like tasks. It is an area of computer science that stresses on the creation of intelligent machines that work, think, and react just like humans. The human intelligence processes that are simulated include self-correction, reasoning (using rule Continue ReadingThe word ‘Artificial Intelligence’ was coined in the year 1956. AI has gained immense importance in today’s context due to increased data volumes, improvements in computing power and storage, and advanced algorithms. Artificial Intelligence (AI) involves the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines to adjust to new inputs and perform human-like tasks. It is an area of computer science that stresses on the creation of intelligent machines that work, think, and react just like humans. The human intelligence processes that are simulated include self-correction, reasoning (using rules to reach definite or approximate conclusions) and learning (acquiring information & rules for learning the information).  Some of the activities carried out by computers with Artificial Intelligence are speech recognition, problem-solving, planning, and learning. AI can be divided into two categories namely weak AI and strong AI. Weak AI or narrow AI is designed and trained to carry out a particular task. Strong AI or artificial general intelligence is an AI system that has human generalized human cognitive abilities. A strong AI system has the ability to find a solution for an unfamiliar task, without human intervention. Thank You.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-10-23	Anubhav-Goel-67	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	There used to be a time when Artificial Intelligence was mostly theoretical, but now it is being very commonly used in the industries. AI involves machines that are capable of effectively programming themselves and could evolve as per the advance needs of humans. The most interesting thing about AI is its ability to spot things that human eyes can never trace. Such technology can always do wonders to businesses and the way things are being done in the industries. This implies any complex task can be executed in less time and with lower cost with the help of AI.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-23	Donald-Cameron-26	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	There is no such thing as Artificial Intelligence Not now Not eventually not ever Never was never will be What they are calling AI is really T.A.P. Target Acquisition Preparation There is no behavioral capacity. The “thing” you seek is a novel Synthetic Intelligence. We “are” Synthetic Intelligences. We “are” synthetic sensory intelligences. biological sciences are the future - genetics, immunology, neuroscience, geriatrics, external gestation for larger brains, faster reflexes, greater endurance, carbon fiber for tendons and skeletal infrastructure, Why would we waste time building inorganic clones of ou Continue ReadingThere is no such thing as Artificial Intelligence Not now Not eventually not ever Never was never will be What they are calling AI is really T.A.P. Target Acquisition Preparation There is no behavioral capacity. The “thing” you seek is a novel Synthetic Intelligence. We “are” Synthetic Intelligences. We “are” synthetic sensory intelligences. biological sciences are the future - genetics, immunology, neuroscience, geriatrics, external gestation for larger brains, faster reflexes, greater endurance, carbon fiber for tendons and skeletal infrastructure, Why would we waste time building inorganic clones of ourselves when we will be 9 billion in a few decades.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-10	Manish-Kumar-8999	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	When expanding robotization is raising the possibilities of occupation misfortunes, a report by tech counseling firm Accenture has evaluated that more noteworthy ventures by organizations in manmade brainpower (AI) and human-machine joint effort can raise worldwide business 10% by 2022. The reports are constantly showing that industries are moving towards AI if you want to get a job with a great package then be a AI enthusiast. Enterprises are moving towards artificial intelligence (AI) so learn it for better chance to get job . So click here [1] Innovation geek and get such innovative article To re Footnotes[1] Innovation geekContinue ReadingWhen expanding robotization is raising the possibilities of occupation misfortunes, a report by tech counseling firm Accenture has evaluated that more noteworthy ventures by organizations in manmade brainpower (AI) and human-machine joint effort can raise worldwide business 10% by 2022. The reports are constantly showing that industries are moving towards AI if you want to get a job with a great package then be a AI enthusiast. Enterprises are moving towards artificial intelligence (AI) so learn it for better chance to get job . So click here [1] Innovation geek and get such innovative article To read more about the artificial intelligence visit the link given hereEnterprises are moving towards artificial intelligence (AI) so learn it for better chance to get job . And read alsoArtificial intelligence(Computerized reasoning) can lift worldwide work 10% by 2022. Footnotes[1] Innovation geek
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-16	Rom-Winc	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	To me the best definition of artificial intelligence is Andreas Kaplan’s and Michael Haenlein’s one; they define artificial intelligence as “a system’s ability to correctly interpret external data, to learn from such data, and to use those learnings to achieve specific goals and tasks through flexible adaptation”. Moreover, they classify AI into different evolutionary stages and types such as analytical, human-inspired, and humanized AI. - Kaplan Andreas; Michael Haenlein (2018) Siri, Siri in my Hand, who's the Fairest in the Land? On the Interpretations, Illustrations and Implications of Arti Continue ReadingTo me the best definition of artificial intelligence is Andreas Kaplan’s and Michael Haenlein’s one; they define artificial intelligence as “a system’s ability to correctly interpret external data, to learn from such data, and to use those learnings to achieve specific goals and tasks through flexible adaptation”. Moreover, they classify AI into different evolutionary stages and types such as analytical, human-inspired, and humanized AI. - Kaplan Andreas; Michael Haenlein (2018) Siri, Siri in my Hand, who's the Fairest in the Land? On the Interpretations, Illustrations and Implications of Artificial Intelligence, Business Horizons, 62(1)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-06-09	Ajay-Mishra-231	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Your question is quite weird, in your and mine own interpretational part. Since there can be many possible ways to achieve the intelligence, like human like or in general, but that general is hard to imagine, because if we are gonna think about we are prone to get stucked or filter the imagination with our experience and judgement of intelligence, like Intelligent being should act rationally, understand things and language, can do efficient knowledge representation, but these all are judged by own subjective experience, and since only you can experience your intelligence and consciousness, like Continue ReadingYour question is quite weird, in your and mine own interpretational part. Since there can be many possible ways to achieve the intelligence, like human like or in general, but that general is hard to imagine, because if we are gonna think about we are prone to get stucked or filter the imagination with our experience and judgement of intelligence, like Intelligent being should act rationally, understand things and language, can do efficient knowledge representation, but these all are judged by own subjective experience, and since only you can experience your intelligence and consciousness, like you can really think how dogs think, you can only see their behaviour, and there is a very big trap in behaviourism. And there seems a fundamental no-go theorem, if you can think that AI would be different from human, it’s all yours way of thinking, not anything out of mind You can read books on that, but lemme tell you that in those books the only difference would some computational boost with cool certainty, like they can break codes(not only) ; and would be in scales of rationality (But that is kind of trap because some humans are also different in this type, like if I would works only for me, everyone would call me selfish, if I would work for my city, the people out of city would call me and this goes on)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-09-17	Dan-Dunay	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	There are great answers here, including Anusha's answer to What is artificial intelligence? and Tanmay Bangale's answer to What is artificial intelligence? Computers can be easily programmed to perform repetitive tasks and perform flawlessly in a fixed context. Change the context, even a little, and the program fails. AI is an attempt to allow computers to adapt to their environment by sensing their environment and making changes to their behavior to maximize some quantifiable definition of success.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-30	Alex-Holub	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Any system created by humans (“artificial”) which mimics some aspect of human cognitive ability (“intelligence”). This definition is broad enough to encompass such diverse areas of AI as NLP, Computer Vision, and Content Recommendations. Note that AI algorithms do not necessarily need to be built using Machine Learning techniques. Expert Systems can and are used very successfully to mimic aspects of human intelligence. Most Machine Learning algorithms contain a mixture of Machine Learning and Expert System components.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-10-30	Dave-Ulmer	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is a much over-hyped term used to describe the profession of computer programming. There is no precise meaning for the term and for this it gets power by mystifying the mindless masses with undefinable terms. Even just the word ‘Intelligence’ has no clear definition so when you make it ‘Artificial’ it even gets more vague. I recommend changing the term to ‘Intelligent Systems’ and defining them precisely as a system of both Knowledge and Understanding. Now the vagueness of the term ’Intelligent’ is just and adjective and its precise meaning not so important. And because  Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is a much over-hyped term used to describe the profession of computer programming. There is no precise meaning for the term and for this it gets power by mystifying the mindless masses with undefinable terms. Even just the word ‘Intelligence’ has no clear definition so when you make it ‘Artificial’ it even gets more vague. I recommend changing the term to ‘Intelligent Systems’ and defining them precisely as a system of both Knowledge and Understanding. Now the vagueness of the term ’Intelligent’ is just and adjective and its precise meaning not so important. And because we are all ‘Intelligent Systems’ whether human or machine.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-07-25	Terry-Lambert	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It’s no mistake that the first AI researchers were cognitive psychologists, rather than computer scientists. AI is the field of study that has to do with human cognition, and how to get a computer to appear to have that same cognition, and get the same results a model average human would, to the same inputs. AGI — Artificial General Intelligence — would be indistinguishable from human, and we are nowhere close on that. So let’s ignore it. AI has a problem. The problem is this: any time we get something that works, we rename it away from AI and it’s no longer AI. voice recognitionoptical character rContinue ReadingIt’s no mistake that the first AI researchers were cognitive psychologists, rather than computer scientists. AI is the field of study that has to do with human cognition, and how to get a computer to appear to have that same cognition, and get the same results a model average human would, to the same inputs. AGI — Artificial General Intelligence — would be indistinguishable from human, and we are nowhere close on that. So let’s ignore it. AI has a problem. The problem is this: any time we get something that works, we rename it away from AI and it’s no longer AI. voice recognitionoptical character recognitionface recognitionspeech synthesisstress analysisspacial analysisetc.All used to be “AI research”. So AI is … nothing. Because as soon as it becomes something? We rename it into its own discipline.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-01-02	Sambath-13	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Imagine you are in something like KBC. For a difference, we have 3 participants and 1 robot. Let's say the first person is an expert from different fields of medicines and the second person is an expert in Yoga, Ayurvedu and a moderen approach professor and the third person is you. For a KBC, its so happens that Mr 1 selects 1 st option(A or B or C or D) and Mr 2 selects 2nd Option and you selected the 3rd Options. Here the KBC hosts oversteps a bit and tell them all three of them wrong. Now, if this robot does what as a human we think and do then according to me this robot has Aritificial intell Continue ReadingImagine you are in something like KBC. For a difference, we have 3 participants and 1 robot. Let's say the first person is an expert from different fields of medicines and the second person is an expert in Yoga, Ayurvedu and a moderen approach professor and the third person is you. For a KBC, its so happens that Mr 1 selects 1 st option(A or B or C or D) and Mr 2 selects 2nd Option and you selected the 3rd Options. Here the KBC hosts oversteps a bit and tell them all three of them wrong. Now, if this robot does what as a human we think and do then according to me this robot has Aritificial intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2010-07-29	அருண்-பரத்-கோமதிநாயகம்-Arun-Bharath-Gomathinayagam	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	According to John McCarthy who coined the term 'Artificial Intelligence', "It is the science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs. It is related to the similar task of using computers to understand human intelligence, but AI does not have to confine itself to methods that are biologically observable." John McCarthy's answers to all the basic AI questions can be found here in his website, http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/whatisai/node1.html
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-11-08	Narayanan-Venkata-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Before trying to know what is AI, we should understand first what is human intelligence. Human intelligence has two parts: a hardware & a software. The hardware is the brain and the software is the mental consciousness. This software is involved in the neurons of the brain and at the current stage of human evolution, it acts on the data supplied by the sense organs. All subjective experiences are not the result of brain activity. This software / mental consciousness has two modes of functioning- one is sensing the objects and the second is the interpretation of the sensed data. As per Indian “ve Continue ReadingBefore trying to know what is AI, we should understand first what is human intelligence. Human intelligence has two parts: a hardware & a software. The hardware is the brain and the software is the mental consciousness. This software is involved in the neurons of the brain and at the current stage of human evolution, it acts on the data supplied by the sense organs. All subjective experiences are not the result of brain activity. This software / mental consciousness has two modes of functioning- one is sensing the objects and the second is the interpretation of the sensed data. As per Indian “vedas”, the first is called ‘manas’ & second one is called ‘Buddhi’ In AI only the hardware is considered and hence it can’t deliver equivalent of human intelligence and hence a “general AI” is not possible until we tackle the problem of consciousness
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-09-18	Jeff-Wilsbacher	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	There are plenty of good answers to this already. They tend towards answering from an academic framing. This is great, and it allows subtle distinguishing of human developed “regular” software, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. Some of the answers have used Hollywood stories that show silly models of AI. I think that artificial intelligence to the majority of the population is: Any automated system that replaces human intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-02-26	Ritesh-Saha-12	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Technology has progressed a lot, but humans, not so much. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the science and engineering of making intelligent machines. Especially intelligent computer programs. In this we generally use programming languages to make the machine do the work. For example, speech recognition, problem-solving, learning and planning. All these are possible only with the help of AI. There are various other fields in which AI is Currently Used : · Virtual Assistant or Chatbots. · Agriculture and Farming. · Autonomous Flying. · Retail, Shopping and Fashion. · Security and Surveillance. · Sports A Continue ReadingTechnology has progressed a lot, but humans, not so much. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the science and engineering of making intelligent machines. Especially intelligent computer programs. In this we generally use programming languages to make the machine do the work. For example, speech recognition, problem-solving, learning and planning. All these are possible only with the help of AI. There are various other fields in which AI is Currently Used : · Virtual Assistant or Chatbots. · Agriculture and Farming. · Autonomous Flying. · Retail, Shopping and Fashion. · Security and Surveillance. · Sports Analytics and Activities. · Manufacturing and Production. · Live Stock and Inventory Management. AI has advanced a lot, from software’s likeAlexa, to basic human command system. Every aspect of these technologies has been put to its best use. It is now turning to be a basic part of human lives. Starting from asking machines to play our favourite music to daily news. Artificial intelligence has made its way. They are present in all sectors of society. Every person is using this technology in some or the other way. Moreover, it is modified for different age groups and industrial sectors. To know more about Artificial Intelligence, click on the below give link http://sky-bits.com
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-12-01	Vedanshu-Dhiman	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	We live in a world that works on our rules & it depends on us how & up to which extent we will utilise our resources for our betterment Artificial intelligence has been named on the basis of a copy of human brain where the master slave locking works. Master as the human brain & slave as the bot processor. Machines have potential that can be utilise in different fields of human intervention. AI gives a way to help express our feelings to a complete copy which can be processed according to needs. Artificial intelligence has given us ways to live life easier and an assistant for us to follow. If we Continue ReadingWe live in a world that works on our rules & it depends on us how & up to which extent we will utilise our resources for our betterment Artificial intelligence has been named on the basis of a copy of human brain where the master slave locking works. Master as the human brain & slave as the bot processor. Machines have potential that can be utilise in different fields of human intervention. AI gives a way to help express our feelings to a complete copy which can be processed according to needs. Artificial intelligence has given us ways to live life easier and an assistant for us to follow. If we talk about modern era we will notice most of the artificial intelligent bots manufactured till now are assistants. AI will be dominated by AGI meaning artificial general intelligence which works upto a set point where it might not affect any human race cycle. Thus both ways AI gives a huge possesive future.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-07-25	Manojkumar-VK	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is one of the latest trends in the world. A machine (a computer or any other device) is said to be intelligent, when it can think on its own. But that doesn't mean that the machine can do everything by itself. An artificially intelligent machine is designated with a particular task. Once designed, the machine would be able to do the tasks without human intervention. Automation of games is also an example of artificial intelligence, where people use neural networks and genetic algorithm. Ping @Manojkumar VK for more details.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-04-11	Ken-Hutchison	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	it is my generation's analog of the “expert system.” It began life as math and algorithms, but since it's catchy, even hot wheels is advertising “AI” in having their cars follow lines in toy tracks. Is that AI? I suppose, but we really are muddying the waters of describing what is novel by applying AI to all sensors and algorithms and also AI techniques like Deep Learning. It's different to everyone, but it's good that our species is all fired up about it. Good things to come presumably.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-02-24	Olena-Makarenko-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	In computer science, artificial intelligence (AI), sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals. Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is often used to describe machines (or computers) that mimic "cognitive" functions that humans associate with the human mind, such as "learning" and "problem so Continue ReadingIn computer science, artificial intelligence (AI), sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals. Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is often used to describe machines (or computers) that mimic "cognitive" functions that humans associate with the human mind, such as "learning" and "problem solving".
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-08-22	Anil-Gupta-896	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) is an branch of computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent machines that work and react like humans. This could include: Speech recognitionLearningPlanningProblem solvingThe core problems of artificial intelligence include programming computers for certain traits such as: KnowledgeReasoningProblem solvingPerceptionLearningPlanningAbility to manipulate and move objectsThe landscape of AI could include a number of things such as machine learning, expert systems, robotics, natural language processing, speech recognition etc.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-03-05	SomeThing-Useful-5	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is Artificial Intelligence? Artificial Intelligence is the development of computer systems that are able to perform tasks that would require human intelligence. Artificial Intelligence is a way of making a computer, a computer-controlled robot, or a software think intelligently, in the similar manner the intelligent humans think. AI is accomplished by studying how human brain thinks, and how humans learn, decide, and work while trying to solve a problem, and then using the outcomes of this study as a basis of developing intelligent software and systems. for more complete details please clic Continue ReadingWhat is Artificial Intelligence? Artificial Intelligence is the development of computer systems that are able to perform tasks that would require human intelligence. Artificial Intelligence is a way of making a computer, a computer-controlled robot, or a software think intelligently, in the similar manner the intelligent humans think. AI is accomplished by studying how human brain thinks, and how humans learn, decide, and work while trying to solve a problem, and then using the outcomes of this study as a basis of developing intelligent software and systems. for more complete details please click on below link, thank you. What is Artificial Intelligence?
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-07-17	Shubham-Gupta-6450	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the ability of computers to perform human-like tasks. It is a branch of science that is widely concerned about designing machines that would be capable of accomplishing tasks which would require human thinking and intelligence. It is the decision-making ability of machines. Artificial Intelligence came into being in the early 1950s when Alan Turing had a simple idea which is “ Can machines think?” This simple question of his changed history and today, science has made advancements beyond measure because of artificial intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-04-12	Kabir-Pulami	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Artificial Intelligence is a computer field which deals with the creation of intelligent machines to perform and react like human beings. Minsky and McCarthy, father of this field state that AI is any task performed by a machine or program in the early 50’s. The base of AI depended on the claim that human intelligence can be precisely illustrated and can be stimulated by a machine. Reasoning, natural language processing, planning, understanding and learning along with capability of movement and manipulation of objects are some of the achieved goals of AI research. Read more Business Fuels
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-09-01	Tim-Skene	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	There is no standard definition of AI, and these definitions are seen frequently: The most hyped thing of the decadeAnything a computer does that seems smartA computer doing what we assume only a human can doAnything that computers can’t do yetPart of the problem is that the word “intelligence” itself has no precise definition other than a general reference to human cognitive ability. In a sense artificial intelligence is an oxymoron, however, the term has been in use since 1956. Quorans have given many good answers to the question, so I’ll link to a lecture on AI which I gave recently. It prese Continue ReadingThere is no standard definition of AI, and these definitions are seen frequently: The most hyped thing of the decadeAnything a computer does that seems smartA computer doing what we assume only a human can doAnything that computers can’t do yetPart of the problem is that the word “intelligence” itself has no precise definition other than a general reference to human cognitive ability. In a sense artificial intelligence is an oxymoron, however, the term has been in use since 1956. Quorans have given many good answers to the question, so I’ll link to a lecture on AI which I gave recently. It presents an overview of the basics for a non-technical audience, plus a look at the possibility of AGI and beyond.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-12-11	Peter-Bentley	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Today many people seem to have their own opinions about what AI might mean. However, it really should not be a subjective topic. I strongly encourage interested people to read a little history. The field of Artificial Intelligence dates back to the 1950s, however research in the area even predates this - check out the British efforts in the Ratio Club or look here for a more general history: History of artificial intelligence  In my most recent book I wrote about the history of computer science, including AI. It is actually a fascinating topic to read - the pioneers of AI helped to build the com Continue ReadingToday many people seem to have their own opinions about what AI might mean. However, it really should not be a subjective topic. I strongly encourage interested people to read a little history. The field of Artificial Intelligence dates back to the 1950s, however research in the area even predates this - check out the British efforts in the Ratio Club or look here for a more general history: History of artificial intelligence  In my most recent book I wrote about the history of computer science, including AI. It is actually a fascinating topic to read - the pioneers of AI helped to build the computers we use today.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-30	Biswa-Bandan-Ray	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	THIS FIELD EMPHASIZE CREATION OF INTELLIGENT MACHINE'S THAT CAN PERFORM WORK OF HUMAN, OR CAN SAY BEHAVE LIKE HUMAN. WE HAVE ROBOTS TO DO WORK BUT THEY ONLY CAN PERFORM CERTAIN SPECIFIC TASK. BUT USING AI CAN ENHANCE THEIR CAPABILITY AND INTELLIGENCE .MACHINES UNDERSTAND VERBAL COMMANDS, DISTINGUISH PICTURES, DRIVE CARS AND PLAY GAMES BETTER THAN WE DO.SOME OF THE ACTIVITIES COMPUTERS WITH ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AR E DESIGNED FOR INCLUDE: *SPEECH RECOGNITION *LEARNING *PLANNING *PROBLEM SOLVINGSO FAR THERE ARE 3 TYPES OF AI 1.NARROW ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (ANI) 2.GENERAL ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGEContinue ReadingTHIS FIELD EMPHASIZE CREATION OF INTELLIGENT MACHINE'S THAT CAN PERFORM WORK OF HUMAN, OR CAN SAY BEHAVE LIKE HUMAN. WE HAVE ROBOTS TO DO WORK BUT THEY ONLY CAN PERFORM CERTAIN SPECIFIC TASK. BUT USING AI CAN ENHANCE THEIR CAPABILITY AND INTELLIGENCE .MACHINES UNDERSTAND VERBAL COMMANDS, DISTINGUISH PICTURES, DRIVE CARS AND PLAY GAMES BETTER THAN WE DO.SOME OF THE ACTIVITIES COMPUTERS WITH ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AR E DESIGNED FOR INCLUDE: *SPEECH RECOGNITION *LEARNING *PLANNING *PROBLEM SOLVINGSO FAR THERE ARE 3 TYPES OF AI 1.NARROW ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (ANI) 2.GENERAL ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE(AGI) 3.SUPER ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE(ASI)ANI:The first stage, ANI, as the name suggests, is limited in scope with intelligence restricted to only one functional area.AGI: The second stage(AGI)of AI, is at an advanced level: it covers more than one field like power of reasoning, problem solving and abstract thinking, which is mostly on par with matured human.ASI: The final stage(ASI) of AI, is the final level , It will overcome entirely the human intelligence. No one can able to challenge it. We took a large period to achieve final stage of ANI . But achieve ASI will not take a long. Once we have created AGI , AI will create ASI in very short period.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-02-08	Areeb-Shamsi	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Ai stands for Artificial Intelligence. It marks the beginning of fifth generation of computers. The following are the main features of different generations of computers- First Generation- Vaccum Tubes Second Generation- Transistors Thir Generation- Integrated Circuits Fourth Generation- Microprocessors Fifth Generation- Artificial Intelligence The aim for fifth generation computers is to develop devices that respond to natural language input and are capable of learning and self-organising. Voice recognition systems that convert spoken words into written words came into existence due to the AI. The  Continue ReadingAi stands for Artificial Intelligence. It marks the beginning of fifth generation of computers. The following are the main features of different generations of computers- First Generation- Vaccum Tubes Second Generation- Transistors Thir Generation- Integrated Circuits Fourth Generation- Microprocessors Fifth Generation- Artificial Intelligence The aim for fifth generation computers is to develop devices that respond to natural language input and are capable of learning and self-organising. Voice recognition systems that convert spoken words into written words came into existence due to the AI. The most common AI programming language is LISP and PROLOG.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-11-28	Anirudh-Rao-108	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	That is a very good question! AI is possibly the biggest computer revolution in the 21st century’s tech concern. It's a huge ocean of tech and data that follows. Make sure you check out the video attached at the end of the answer to check it out: Also, if you want to go about learning and mastering AI, a couple of years into my learning I came across this firm called Intellipaat. They provide amazing courses (affordable, too!) and I felt, for a beginner, these courses were tailor-made. Their Python programming course gets a lot of accolades too. Lots of other companies provide certifications to Continue ReadingThat is a very good question! AI is possibly the biggest computer revolution in the 21st century’s tech concern. It's a huge ocean of tech and data that follows. Make sure you check out the video attached at the end of the answer to check it out: Also, if you want to go about learning and mastering AI, a couple of years into my learning I came across this firm called Intellipaat. They provide amazing courses (affordable, too!) and I felt, for a beginner, these courses were tailor-made. Their Python programming course gets a lot of accolades too. Lots of other companies provide certifications too. Check out what’s right for you and go for it. Also, here’s a video in case you want to know more about becoming an expert in Artificial Intelligence:  Cheers!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-30	Robin-Sayer	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The definition should be that an artificial intelligence is a computer based system, which given a physical world to experience and interact with, is able to learn, form new ideas, and and come up with novel solutions to goals in that world. There should be no requirements to trick a person into thinking that it's a human as is currently defined by the Turing test, as that is an expression of artificial conversation. Other systems such as Google car and those touted by Enterprise IT marketing departments in their products are examples of artificial learning not intelligence. The technology doesn Continue ReadingThe definition should be that an artificial intelligence is a computer based system, which given a physical world to experience and interact with, is able to learn, form new ideas, and and come up with novel solutions to goals in that world. There should be no requirements to trick a person into thinking that it's a human as is currently defined by the Turing test, as that is an expression of artificial conversation. Other systems such as Google car and those touted by Enterprise IT marketing departments in their products are examples of artificial learning not intelligence. The technology doesn't exist to let a computer experience our world is sufficient fidelity to develop an AI, but a virtual world would be a perfect alternative.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-15	Richard-Rombouts	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is a sub-field within Computer Science that either tries to produce systems (hardware + software) that behave in an intelligent way to solve a certain type or class of problems, or the study of the underlying principles (of facets of intelligence) that can be used to produce such systems. An AI is a system that exhibits some form of artificial intelligence. That is: it was deliberately created so that it could learn to become better at solving a type or class of problems for which it is usually very hard or even undo-able to write explicit algorithms or conventional computer programs to solv Continue ReadingAI is a sub-field within Computer Science that either tries to produce systems (hardware + software) that behave in an intelligent way to solve a certain type or class of problems, or the study of the underlying principles (of facets of intelligence) that can be used to produce such systems. An AI is a system that exhibits some form of artificial intelligence. That is: it was deliberately created so that it could learn to become better at solving a type or class of problems for which it is usually very hard or even undo-able to write explicit algorithms or conventional computer programs to solve the same task. (This is not a necessary condition: we can apply AI to ‘simple’ tasks also for which efficient algorithms are known). An example of an edge case is this: often the training phase requires many examples and lots of processing power, energy, time, testing, pruning etc. Systems can be ‘factory’ pre-trained, like a handwriting recognition system. Then the neural net can be run on smart phones, but we could get rid of the whole backward propagation. That means that on the target device, such a system, known as feed forward neural network, has lost the ability to learn and improve itself. It is debatable whether such a system is or is not intelligent and thus, whether it still qualifies as AI.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-10-12	Arvind-Kumar-964	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence : Enables Computers to do all the tasks which a human can do. Example of tasks : Identify / recognize a speech - If I am taking bath in bathroom and somebody is shouting my name from outside the bathroom. I can recognize whether it’s my dad or mom or brother.decision-making - If I am having fever. Should i take bath or not?analyze and get meaning of visual information - Understanding the direction after seeing the left or right sign on the road.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-08-15	Raj-Sharma-3814	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is a Branch of Computer science concerned with making computers behave like humans. Currently no computer is close to being an AI. This means we would have to build another human mind out of nothing. Goals of an AI. To create expert systems- The system which exhibit intelligent behaviour, learn, demonstrate, explain and advice its users.To implement human intelligence in machines- creating system that think, learn and behave like humans.We were successful in the field of gaming where IBM had created Deep Blue which was successful at defeating worlds best chess player. Eventu Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence is a Branch of Computer science concerned with making computers behave like humans. Currently no computer is close to being an AI. This means we would have to build another human mind out of nothing. Goals of an AI. To create expert systems- The system which exhibit intelligent behaviour, learn, demonstrate, explain and advice its users.To implement human intelligence in machines- creating system that think, learn and behave like humans.We were successful in the field of gaming where IBM had created Deep Blue which was successful at defeating worlds best chess player. Eventually it's just the start. There's more to come and it will come faster than you expect.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-02-23	The-Verse-Tech	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It's a dumb world!We all know how machines in our age do only their specific task. They are able to solve problems only for which they are built. Be it a simple calculator or music system, they all serve just their purpose. It is hard to believe but even our computer systems have very limited capability. Doesn't this make them appear dump?Well, Yes!But in this course, we will try to understand what is helping our machines to become smarter.[1] Footnotes[1] Artificial Intelligence: Why  ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TUTORIAL  is the Best Thing  Since Sliced Bread
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-06-12	Ysirzamiu	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	To be very specific, Artificial Intelligence is the Intelligence demonstrated by Machines. Intelligence appear in machines when they learn to use cognitive functions to solve the problem such as Reasoning , Knowledge Representation , Planning , Learning , Natural Language Processing , Perception and the ability to move and Manipulate Objects . One of the many important goals of A.I. Researchers is to develop an Artificial General Intelligence capable of performing Intellectual Tasks, which humans can perform.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-11-04	Tania-De-Jong-AM	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Artificial Intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create intelligent machines. It has become an essential part of the technology industry. Research associated with artificial intelligence is highly technical and specialized. Knowledge of engineering is a core part of AI research. Machines can often act and react like humans only if they have abundant information relating to the world. Why We Need AI We are growing at huge rate, say it in terms of population, scripted knowledge, tasks etc. Increasing in scale also increase entropy in system, demanding huge number of tasks to be Continue Reading Artificial Intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create intelligent machines. It has become an essential part of the technology industry. Research associated with artificial intelligence is highly technical and specialized. Knowledge of engineering is a core part of AI research. Machines can often act and react like humans only if they have abundant information relating to the world. Why We Need AI We are growing at huge rate, say it in terms of population, scripted knowledge, tasks etc. Increasing in scale also increase entropy in system, demanding huge number of tasks to be automated, and centralized. AI in simple words is implementing human senses in machines.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-03-10	Francis-Thomas-20	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Currently, no computers exhibit full computing (that is, are able to simulate human behavior). the best advances have occurred within the field of games enjoying. the most effective pc chess programs are currently capable of beating humans.Artificial intelligence (AI) is a region of engineering science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent machines that job and react like humans. a number of the activities computers with computing are designed for include:     Speech recognition     Learning     Planning     Downside determination
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-03-22	Pooja-Patil-631	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is considered as one of the forms of computer science which is used for creating intelligent machines which can work as humans by recognizing human speech, various objects detection, can help in solving the problems. Currently, the concept of AI is in its primary stage which is based on our understanding and learning about how to make them interact with humans. Today recognizing human speech is the biggest achievement and also trying to solve the problems based on the given data, creating a plan and approach for doing future tasks.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-05-21	Satish-Lomate-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The life without a computer, we cannot even imagine living. Our life has become easier and faster with the advent of computers. Many small things from calculation till finding a solution to the problem is undertaken by the computer and sadly not by the humans. But no one knows these machine does not understand the composite actual world problem which human’s surfaces. So researcher took steps to find out the solution where computer helps to analyze a problem. And researcher came up with Artificial Intelligence. Artificial intelligence is nothing but encouraging intelligence into machines. Syscr Continue ReadingThe life without a computer, we cannot even imagine living. Our life has become easier and faster with the advent of computers. Many small things from calculation till finding a solution to the problem is undertaken by the computer and sadly not by the humans. But no one knows these machine does not understand the composite actual world problem which human’s surfaces. So researcher took steps to find out the solution where computer helps to analyze a problem. And researcher came up with Artificial Intelligence. Artificial intelligence is nothing but encouraging intelligence into machines. Syscryption - Website Development | Software Development
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-02-14	Arkaprava-Das-23	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence has revolutionized customer service in recent years. The secret to a customer’s smile is the efficiency in service. AI has empowered businesses to achieve that through a variety of channels such as chatbots, IVR and In-App support. The organizations are finding value as it is capable of handling multiple tasks at a time. This brings productive results in less time, unlike traditional business methods. AI-powered chatbots can interact with a large number of customers 24/7. This is why AI-enabled chatbots are popular as the front-line of customer engagement. It helps to id Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence has revolutionized customer service in recent years. The secret to a customer’s smile is the efficiency in service. AI has empowered businesses to achieve that through a variety of channels such as chatbots, IVR and In-App support. The organizations are finding value as it is capable of handling multiple tasks at a time. This brings productive results in less time, unlike traditional business methods. AI-powered chatbots can interact with a large number of customers 24/7. This is why AI-enabled chatbots are popular as the front-line of customer engagement. It helps to identify consumer needs easily. This drastically improves time to resolution and customer satisfaction. Customers can resolve their problems by themselves without human intervention. Artificial intelligence has provided a platform to customers where they can sort out their issues and know about the product without any customer support. The decision tree, picture guides, and FAQs are well equipped with the knowledge to provide a productive resolution. This is beneficial for both the organizations and customers as it saves time for both. Thus it allows a positive and seamless customer experience. AI-enabled customer interactions boost C-SAT (customer satisfaction) and became a catalyst to improve NPS (Net promoter score). Artificial Intelligence with a sense of human touch is an open secret to stand out on customer expectations.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-12	Vaishnavi-Srinivasan-44	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The science and engineering of making a intelligent machine,especially intelligent computer program. Aim of artificial intelligence : To improve the computer function which are related to human knowledge. Artificial intelligence to make a computer,a robot,or product to think how smart human think.A.I (artificial intelligence ) is study about how human think,decides,work and study. A.I researchers have develop several programming languages of A.I which include java,c++,c,prolog,lisp etc… Uses of AI: *Expert system. *Natural language processing(NLP). *speech recognition. *computer vision. *robotics. *Googl Continue ReadingThe science and engineering of making a intelligent machine,especially intelligent computer program. Aim of artificial intelligence : To improve the computer function which are related to human knowledge. Artificial intelligence to make a computer,a robot,or product to think how smart human think.A.I (artificial intelligence ) is study about how human think,decides,work and study. A.I researchers have develop several programming languages of A.I which include java,c++,c,prolog,lisp etc… Uses of AI: *Expert system. *Natural language processing(NLP). *speech recognition. *computer vision. *robotics. *Google assistant .
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2014-12-11	Pascal-Weinberger	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	As the main aspect of the question has already been answered, I would like to share a additional thought on that issue.AI might be seen as a way of us to understand our own mind and consciousness,  since by modelling and inspecting the workings of an AI we can find a way to study what would elsewhere be close to impossible: the emergence and workings of our own minds and consciousness. A nice outline of this issue and a common look over the problems and ideas about AI is given here:  http://pocket.co/sDL6s?cta=1
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-06-21	Juri-Sharma-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	In layman’s term, AI is making machines work like humans. They don’t have brains on their own, so one has got to feed brain into the BoT(Robot). Now if you fill brain into a machine, then the intelligence of the machine is not natural. So, it has artificial intelligence. The word Artificial Intelligence in itself gives you a basic insight of what it is all about. If you want to get deeper into this then refer to ML(machine learning), DL(deep learning) and NLP(natural language processing).
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-02-20	Nirupama-Barik-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is also a machine intelligence. Artificial intelligence is a knowledge demonstrated by machines in contrast to the natural knowledge (intelligence) displayed by humans and other animals.. Artificial intelligence is a science and technology based on disciplines such as Computer Science, Biology, Psychology, Linguistics, Mathematics, and Engineering. A major role of AI is in the development of computer functions associated with human intelligence, such as reasoning, learning, and problem solving. Out of the following areas one or multiple areas can contribute to build an in Continue ReadingArtificial intelligence is also a machine intelligence. Artificial intelligence is a knowledge demonstrated by machines in contrast to the natural knowledge (intelligence) displayed by humans and other animals.. Artificial intelligence is a science and technology based on disciplines such as Computer Science, Biology, Psychology, Linguistics, Mathematics, and Engineering. A major role of AI is in the development of computer functions associated with human intelligence, such as reasoning, learning, and problem solving. Out of the following areas one or multiple areas can contribute to build an intelligent system. Thank u.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-05-21	Durgam-Ganesh-4	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a branch of computer science that involves the creation of intelligent machines, which simulate human intelligence systems by computer systems or software. This includes learning (acquisition of rules to use the available information), reasoning (using the rules to reach definite or approximate conclusions), and self-correction. AI technology can help organizations increase their operational efficiency by identifying specific patterns, rapidly complete processes, and create huge cost savings.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-11-25	Abdullah-Khan-2808	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The explanations of artificial intelligence is given by all people here and all are very good.. For people who still can't understand what artificial intelligence is in simple words to explain one can think it is the ability which man gives machine enabling machine to think….like humans hace natural thinking power or intellegence, it made artificial intelligence or thinking power which includes decisioning on its own thinking its duty on its own..
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-05-25	Bruno-Aziza	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I’ve attempted to answer this question with definitions, 3 quick reference cheat-sheets, and a crash course by Dan Jeffries below: What is Artificial Intelligence (A.I.) & Why You Should Care…For a more interactive format on AI, key trends and how to succeed, there is also this podcast: Artificial Intelligence (AI) for Dummies?!I hope this can help! Analytically Yours, Bruno
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-12-22	Satyam-Saini-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Realizing a simple fact that our brain is nothing but a reflex organ answers your question .Machines ,of course , require sensors for the same purpose .And sensors are driven by humans or human generated codes .Now as the outside world is a dynamic one , our brain adjusts to the surroundings while the code “HAS” to be changed to maximize it’s chances of success at some goal .As soon as this “has to be changed” will be replaced by “will change on it’s own ” ,we would have developed decent Artificial Intelligence. As for complete artificial Intelligence ,I don't think any such thing exists
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-10-08	Pranav-Mahapatra	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Just like every single thoughts of humans…whatever we listen or say we arrange words in a pattern either to understand or to make someone else understand. Artificial intelligence provides the non-living devices the features of talking creating Internet Of Things I.O.T which connects to almost every single thing at your home or anywhere else taking from your doors to even bathroom. Artificial intelligence lacks doing mistakes so it can be called a better artificial human brain.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-02-01	The-Money-Roller-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Hey there! Along-with the in-depth analysis on what Artificial Intelligence is, this time through our TMR talks we’ve covered it all about AI and how its changing our Technological landscape. From algo based trading to use of AI in global Defense systems, AI is everywhere! Here we have a look at several normal and extreme applications of AI, that will blow your mind!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-10	Samir-Sam-30	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) has come a long way in the past few years. What was once something only witnessed in science fiction has now become very real with AIs playing poker, telling us when to leave for the airport and letting us know what the weather will be like tomorrow. In the business world, AI has been used to improve cybersecurity and help contact center agents be smarter but it has yet to do is make workers more productive in any significant way but that will change soon.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-13	Vivek-Kumar-13470	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Hi Guys, I am here to answer this question for you Because I want to that You guys actually reach the best institute in Noida. Artificial Intelligence is a field where algorithms are used to perform automatic actions. Its models are based on the natural intelligence of humans and animals. Similar patterns of the past are recognized, and related operations are performed automatically when the patterns are repeated. Large organizations are heavily dependant on Artificial Intelligence, including tech giants like Facebook, Amazon, and Google.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-11-13	Martin-Leufray-III	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is specifically that intelligence which is (a) beyond human intelligence and (b) mechanical. AI is not alien intelligence. That is natural; not artificial. Assume I am an alien. (I am.) Assume my intelligence is so far beyond yours that you cannot describe or understand it. (It is.) That is not AI. I am not AI. AI would be a bot like me. AI *is* bot like me. But, I make the bot. The bot does not make me. That is the difference.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-11-08	Linda-Wilson-459	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	An Artificial Intelligence accept a basic employment in Cyber Security, which offers more help against hackers. In an advancing Comodo x TAG Cyber Industry Report, the CEO of TAG Cyber of Ed Amoroso, raised the centrality of cybersecurity in the authoritative zone and furthermore in the business setting. He asked for in the prerequisite for Artificial Intelligence (AI) for those working in a business condition. To know more watch the video,
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-30	Manjeet-Singh-2292	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence or AI refers to software technologies that make a robot or computer act and think like a human. Some software engineers say that it is only artificial intelligence if it performs as well or better than a human. In this context, when we talk about performance, we mean human computational accuracy, speed, and capacity. More about Artificial intelligence you can watch this video:
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-01-29	Jason-Li-18	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It is a term coined by John McCarthy for the Dartmouth Conferences in 1956, who defined it as "the science and engineering of making intelligent machines". The term is catchy and has caught the public imagination ever since.    In practice, it has been an umbrella term encompassing a whole range of research programs from logic to machine learning and their various applications.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-26	Bastien-Pietropaoli-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Well, sorry for such an obvious statement but Wikipedia offers a lot on that question: Artificial intelligence - Wikipedia They propose a simple definition in the very introduction: “In computer science, AI research is defined as the study of "intelligent agents": any device that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals.” They even have articles about the History of artificial intelligence or the various branches or AI (Outline of artificial intelligence). I hope this helps.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-05-14	Kaushal-Jha-250	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It is the way of making a computer controlled robot or software think intelligently. [Making intelligent machines especially intelligent computer programs] Way of creating the computers/machines as intelligent as human beingsArtificial intelligence is collection of hard problems which can be solved by humans and other living things.understanding spoking natural language, medical diagnosis, Circuit design, learning, self adaptation, reasoning, chess playing, proving maths theories etc
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-10-17	Yogesh-Gajipara	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks normally requiring human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages.important themes in the learning adventure include how artificial intelligence fits into the broader scope of technology's human roots and place in human society. For example, computers are the result of human invention and are used to further human goals.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-06-25	Umang-Verma-10	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is like a machine having a capability of doing what a human brain can do like thinking, recognising patterns, process feelings, have emotions etc. Examples: Manufacturing robotsSmart assistantsProactive healthcare managementDisease mappingAutomated financial investingVirtual travel booking agentSocial media monitoringInter-team chat toolTypes: Reactive machinesLimited memoryTheory of mindSelf-awareness
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-11-11	Nicholas-Wilson-43	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The real answer is odd. "REALY ROBOTS HAVE AI TODAY"  to make Artificial intelligence you need to make natural intelligence.   in the case of robots, scientists are not studying this area too closely (they prefer remote controls)   but it will happen but when it is created we wont even notice it, meaning we may have made it now and not even know,   brace yourself this will get complicated:   1. defining Ai is important basically its Intelligence that humans have created by UN-natural means   2. robots as they stand today have only limited actions that are based upon there code or ru Continue ReadingThe real answer is odd. "REALY ROBOTS HAVE AI TODAY"  to make Artificial intelligence you need to make natural intelligence.   in the case of robots, scientists are not studying this area too closely (they prefer remote controls)   but it will happen but when it is created we wont even notice it, meaning we may have made it now and not even know,   brace yourself this will get complicated:   1. defining Ai is important basically its Intelligence that humans have created by UN-natural means   2. robots as they stand today have only limited actions that are based upon there code or rules.   3. humans with natural intelligence act according to their upbringings and knowledge   4 so you can say AI and NI do not exist and can not exist. because humans don't have the freedom people think so robots will not have this free will.   so this means robots have AI in terms with having the same freedom as a human. with the rules we keep to   SO REALY ROBOTS HAVE AI TODAY
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-17	Vrinda-Arora-55	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Many people remain confused on what/where AI is? I have tried to keep it simple so that maximum people can get an idea on what AI is. Artificial Intelligence is coded algorithm(set of instructions that make a computer program) that works by learning from its experience. This experience is not as we humans have. Instead, AI algorithms store data and process it to get the required information. This ways, AI acquires use case scenarios to deal with situations. With smarter technology all around, Artificial Intelligence is becoming an integral part of every application. AI makes it possible for appli Continue ReadingMany people remain confused on what/where AI is? I have tried to keep it simple so that maximum people can get an idea on what AI is. Artificial Intelligence is coded algorithm(set of instructions that make a computer program) that works by learning from its experience. This experience is not as we humans have. Instead, AI algorithms store data and process it to get the required information. This ways, AI acquires use case scenarios to deal with situations. With smarter technology all around, Artificial Intelligence is becoming an integral part of every application. AI makes it possible for applications to learn from experiences and respond similar to what humans would do in the same scenario. A good example of this is playing your favorite game with a bot or a computer. The Artificial Intelligence solutions rely mainly on Natural Language Processing and Deep Learning.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-07	Vijaykumar-Chavda-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 (Source of an Image - Google) Artificial Intelligence In computer science, artificial intelligence, sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans Father: John McCarthy is one of the "founding fathers" of artificial intelligence, together with Marvin Minsky, Allen Newell, and Herbert A. Simon. For more information visit this site: en.wikipedia. org/wiki/Artificial_intelligence I hope it will help you. :
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-12-02	Christopher-Albertson-3	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	In short, AI is the field where computer scientists try to get computers to do tasks that we usually think of as requiring intelligence. Some of these tasks are understanding spoken and written language, driving a car in city traffic, and playing games like chess. How his works would take a long time to explain but you can read more in the link below: Artificial intelligence - Wikipedia
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-06-25	Ankitha-Sreekumar-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is the ability to stimulate human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. They include learning, reasoning and self correction. Applications of AI include expert systems, speech recognition and machine vision. AI can be classified into weak AI and strong AI. Machine learning, deep learning, machine vision, natural language processing, robotics etc are some of the the examples of AI.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-09-24	Robin-Hood-210	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Intelligence means thinking,taking decisions,etc just like humainbrain. Artificial means manmade. It is also called as AI in short. Mostly used in robotic field . The concept is that to introduce brain functioning such as thinking,taking decisions etc in machines.i.e robots to work as human ,actually robots follow instructions which human written in them.but by using artificialintelligence  robots can behave and act like human with its ownmind without human instructions.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-21	Mohammad-Umer-37	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI Stands For Artificial Intelligence. Artificial intelligence (AI) is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. These processes include learning (the acquisition of information and rules for using the information), reasoning (using rules to reach approximate or definite conclusions) and self-correction.  For Learning More Please Click The Link Below. Artificial Intelligence (AI)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-07-20	Frank-Chen	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I wrote and narrated a 45-minute primer in case you want to listen while commuting or watch on a treadmill. I pick up the story with the Dartmouth Summer Research Project conference in 1956, work through a few of the AI winters (1966, 1974, 1987) and wrap up with a few of the recent successes enabled by a specific type of machine learning called deep learning. AI, Deep Learning, and Machine Learning: A Primer
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-03	Manasa-Honey-12	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems.Artificial intelligence makes it possible for machines to learn from experience, adjust to new inputs and perform human-like tasks.The term artificial intelligence was coined in 1956, but AI has become more popular today thanks to increased data volumes, advanced algorithms, and improvements in computing power and storage.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-06-01	Antonio-Gur	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is the science of making a computer intelligent especially intelligent computer programs. John McCarthy is known as the father of artificial Intelligence. It involves making a computer intelligent in similar to human beings. Artificial Intelligence is accomplished by studying how humans brain thinks, how humans decide and the results of this study are used to develop software and systems. Artificial intelligence is used in various fields such as Gaming, natural language processing, expert systems, vision systems etc.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-11-26	Bharat-Book-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Artificial Intelligence (AI) is also referred as human intelligence, as one the areas of computer science highlighting the formation of intelligent machines that work and respond like humans. AI has advanced into finance, transportation, defense, and energy management. It is not an application sold individually, but it is used to improve the working capacity of a product. To know more about AI and its implications on various industries, please visit: Artificial Intelligence Reports.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-03-24	Sayali-Sonawane-29	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is a field of computer science and engineering to study and design of Intelligent bots. This intelligent bots have the ability to analyze the environment and produce actions. AI focus on designing machines that can mimic human behavior. AI bots are developed for a particular tasks only and it is not easily possible to be applicable on other tasks. “The potential benefits of artificial intelligence are huge, so are the dangers.“
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-10-18	Johan-van-den-Heuvel-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Intelligence that is artificial, said in other words: made by humans. Another question is if we can really create intelligence or if it is just a machine that acts like it is intelligence, this cannot be proven. We cannot even prove that other humans then us are intelligent or conscious. We know we exist but we think but how can we tell someone else is thinking?
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-11-20	Bhavesh-Koladiya-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create intelligent machines. It has become an essential part of the technology industry. Research associated with artificial intelligence is highly technical and specialized. The core problems of artificial intelligence include programming computers for certain traits such as: KnowledgeReasoningProblem solvingPerceptionLearningPlanningAbility to manipulate and move objects
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-02-09	Preeti-Bansal-121	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is Artificial Intelligence | Types | Scope - Artificial Intelligence, also called Machine Intelligence is the study of how human thinks and makes decisions while trying to solve any problem. Artificial Intelligence is classified into various types that perform different activities. The Scope of Artificial Intelligent is in developing machines for solving problems and achieving goals. Here, we are going to discuss what is artificial intelligence and what are the types and scope of artificial intelligence. read more
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-01	Ashutosh-Singh-1712	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Creating artificial i.e. a man-made BRAIN !!……now that’s incredible. We have succeeded in creating a basic unit of the brain called a neuron by using mathematics and computer science. We are fast developing more and more bigger and powerful Neural Networks which have mental capabilities not only as good as ours but rather better than us ( a brain is nothing but a huge huge network of biological neurons working together).
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-24	Rahul-Jindal-135	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is that aims to create Intelligent machines that can help to better the living style of human life. Artificial intelligence (AI) makes it possible for machines to learn from experience.  Artificial intelligence is “The Science and Engineering of making an Intelligent Machine Specifically Intelligent Computer Programs” AI is we made programs that can help to understand human behaviors continue reading Artificial intelligence(AI) Artificial intelligence (AI) - Techbuzz
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-02-27	John-Dogan-3	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Theory aside, I look artificial intelligence as a way to make machine learn, think, reason and decide based on data. Although, we are now working on deep learning and super intelligence that will make machines able to make decision based on logic but I will still take a long time. There is coming a time when machine will able to take their own decision with any human involvement and input.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-11-18	Srinivas-Padmanabhuni	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI broadly is about machines/programming exhibiting intelligent behaviour. Crucial elements of it is about being able to imbibe inputs from the environment, use its historical experience and data, and come to a decision / form a knowledge fact to help in a decision. The decision can be automated without a human or can be passed to a human like a doctor to actually act on the decision.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-11-21	Avishek-Mukherjee-33	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Probability Bins and Statistics. You take a multi-variate mathematical function/or uni-variate if you prefer simple applications. And then you try to make a cost function, once you make it, you make an Optimizer (read Simulated Annealing) and optimize the best weights and biases to make the best probability label output. This is the whole undergrad level AI summed in one-line. Don’t go for flashy pictures, we knew AI since the time of Turing, but the computers were not fast enough to execute the same.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-24	Anthony-Atkielski	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It is marketing hype. Nobody has ever produced anything even remotely like a real person's intelligence, and the term "artificial intelligence" is inaccurate, exaggerated, and misleading to the point of being fraudulent. True AI would be something like the famous HAL 9000 computer in the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey. But true AI has made essentially no progress since its inception, and we are no closer to producing a HAL 9000 today than we were fifty years ago, back in 1968, when the movie was made.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2014-04-25	Alan-Wade-3	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I recall reading about a psychologist in the eighties, who decided his questioning of patients was so basic that he could apply it to a computer program. I programmed a modified version in basic (called Sympathy), of what I thought his program would be. To my surprise, my wife and daughter spent hours asking this simple program questions, not realising they were answering their own problems. I think I made a Turing machine without realising.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-06-13	Juan-Pablo-Reyes-Altamirano	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	If we go by Alan Turing’s definition: “Tis the moment when a machine can convince a human being that it is another human being” But since everyone else in the world wants to feel ludicrously optimistic…it’s a series of algorithms that only mimic human behavior, but otherwise does not or barely can endow a machine with the true seeds of intelligence and self awareness: doubt, creativity, emotion and spontaneity. So choose your side carefully.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-04-18	Juned-Sumra-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Artificial intelligence (AI) is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. These processes include learning (the acquisition of information and rules for using the information), reasoning (using rules to reach approximate or definite conclusions) and self-correction. Particular applications of AI include expert systems, speech recognition, and machine vision.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-15	Nikita-Rai-48	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science which helps in implementing human intelligence i.e. feelings, sense, decision power in machines. The machine gain this intelligence from past experience and history and response through actuators. Natural language optimization and natural language understanding are the basic factors of artificial intelligence. To know more about artificial intelligence go through my website komalikita.com
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-01-18	Sreejesh-P-Mohanan	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I will try to explain it in My words.!! Intelligence : The ability to find a solution to a problem which has significance in existence,But the solution should be forged from the knowledge gained over time in past. So Artificial Intelligence would be To make a machine mimic the EXPERIENCE in problem solving (like an intelligent human etc..Albert einstein) by teaching it how the decision making actually works.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-12-14	Sophi-John-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) emphasizes the creation of intelligent machines that work and react like humans. Artificial intelligence uses machine learning to work like human intelligence. The computer has to learn how to respond to certain actions, so it uses algorithms and historical data to make predictions. Please give this a read: Artificial Intelligence - What is it and Why it Matters | Shufti Pro
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-12-05	Rohola-Zandie	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The basic idea of artificial intelligence is trying to create machines that can do “intelligent” tasks. but “intelligence” is an ambiguous concept. Doing chess was once considered as an intelligent task or even doing hard calculations but after computers could surpass those tasks people thought their definition of intelligence was wrong. In contrast, it turned out that many easy tasks like riding a bike or recognizing your friends face are much harder. But now computers can do these tasks with high accuracy. That's why Alan Turing thought the only real ultimate test for intelligence is when you Continue ReadingThe basic idea of artificial intelligence is trying to create machines that can do “intelligent” tasks. but “intelligence” is an ambiguous concept. Doing chess was once considered as an intelligent task or even doing hard calculations but after computers could surpass those tasks people thought their definition of intelligence was wrong. In contrast, it turned out that many easy tasks like riding a bike or recognizing your friends face are much harder. But now computers can do these tasks with high accuracy. That's why Alan Turing thought the only real ultimate test for intelligence is when you can't distinguish between computer and man when you try to communicate with it. So, in short at least now intelligence or ultimate intelligence can be considered as understanding human language. But this doesn't mean other tasks do not require intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-14	Leon-Steinkampf	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks normally requiring human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages. What does this mean in real terms? Artificial intelligence is the mass collection of data, and that data can answer multiple questions. For example, lets say you have a collection of 100 people's social media. Artificial intelligence could answer any question, for example, which of these 100 people are veggies or which of these 100 people like meat. Artificial intelligence Continue ReadingArtificial Intelligence the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks normally requiring human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages. What does this mean in real terms? Artificial intelligence is the mass collection of data, and that data can answer multiple questions. For example, lets say you have a collection of 100 people's social media. Artificial intelligence could answer any question, for example, which of these 100 people are veggies or which of these 100 people like meat. Artificial intelligence is data mining, in the sense that the data is collected, and multiple questions of different context can be asked on the data set.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-06-07	Amritanshu-Upadhyay-7	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the intelligence demonstrated by the machines which to contract to the natural intelligence exhibited by humans. It is the ability adopted by machines to learn and process, predict actions, and maximize the chance of a successful completion of tasks. Machine learning, natural language processing, deep learning, and neutral learning are a subset of AI.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-11-26	Santhosh-Kumar-3229	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	For information, Artificial Intelligence is said to be one of dominating fields in upcoming years for sure. It is considered to be the human intelligence processes of simulation by machines for all the time. When it comes to these processes, it mainly includes the reasoning, self-correction and learning. Also, if you see some of the specific applications of Artificial Intelligence, it also comprised of speech recognition, machine vision and more. It also classified as Strong AI and Weak AI. For information, Weak AI is highly developed for doing the specific task. However, it also has the intell Continue ReadingFor information, Artificial Intelligence is said to be one of dominating fields in upcoming years for sure. It is considered to be the human intelligence processes of simulation by machines for all the time. When it comes to these processes, it mainly includes the reasoning, self-correction and learning. Also, if you see some of the specific applications of Artificial Intelligence, it also comprised of speech recognition, machine vision and more. It also classified as Strong AI and Weak AI. For information, Weak AI is highly developed for doing the specific task. However, it also has the intelligence in order to provide the best solution. Learn more: Artificial Intelligence Technologies
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-06	Loren-OBrien-Egesborg	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	We recently wrote a post about AI where we provide a definition, the different components (machine learning, deep learning and neural networks) as well as the pros and cons of the technology, how it’s shaping mobile app development, the general phases of an AI project and the industries and apps using AI to their advantage. Check it out: Chapter 5: How Artificial Intelligence is Changing the App Industry
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-01-23	A-P-Navin	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is another attempt to say what you are and how you can cease to be or exist completly. Its not better or bad or different. Its another way of your understanding and experience. We need AI and otherwise to become non existent or acheive complete death peacefully. Did i make sense? Let me know i a way i should understand. No un required answers or comments, please.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-16	Jayshree-Makadia-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence aka AI sometimes called machine intelligence is nothing but “intelligence” exhibited by a non-human entity, such as a system or a tool. The power of AI 1. AI has the ability to analyze like a human mind would. 2. AI can predict! 3. AI can prescribe! It can tell you what you should be doing next. For more information about is drawbacks refer this article: IoT + AI + RPA
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-15	Eberhard-Frank	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	In the absence of definitions of intelligence, consciousness and purpose of life, artificial intelligence is the attempt to reach results with machine beyond linear programming. To bring recognition, conclusion, tactic and cognition based on data reflecting reality closer to a human level. Not a human match of intelligence, rather a level of intelligent understanding and function to be a better companion for man. And to free man from adapting to machine.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-11-20	Scarlett-Peter-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is the study and design of intelligent agents where an intelligent agent is a system that senses its environment and takes actions which maximize its chances of success. The future of robotics and artificial intelligence Delivers a correct medical diagnosisWorks in deadly environmentsAI Can Teach Itself How to CodeRobots and Chatbots are Becoming More Like Actual AI
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-01-29	Jinzo-Sloatch	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Well Well Well We Are The Humans And Surely The So Called Antichrist Is An AI Computer Beast.We Only Define By Everything We Provide Online, Every status and photo and conversation emoji and memory and gps position lines records of our daily life drawn on google maps, live broadcast of every camera and facial recognition of the entire species and literally all the DATA online… yeah exactly. watch Transcendence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-02-08	Mukul-Findallblogs	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the work done by the machines especially by computer system. Artificial Intelligence focus on three cognitive processes :- Learning Processes :-This AI programming focus on turning data into and creating rule how to turn data into actionable one.Reasoning Processes :- This AI programming focus on choosing the right algorithm to reach a desire state.Self correction Processes :- This AI Programming is designed to continually fine tune algorithm and they provide the most desire output.Read More:- Artificial Intelligence Technology
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-08-10	Rajamanickam-Antonimuthu	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Already many other people had written detailed answers for this question. So, I would like to share these videos to watch. If you are very beginner, you can watch the below video to understand about Artitificial Intelligence.  And, if you want to know more details about AI, you can watch below video.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-09-10	Iam-Raj-4	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	According to the father of AI, John McCarthy… AI is “the science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs”… In other words, AI is a way of making a computer, a computer-controlled robot, or a software which thinks intelligently, similar to that of humans... Source: Artificial Intelligence Overview Have a nice day…
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-01-07	Oscar-Lima-8	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It was a fancy term that John McCarthy used for the first time in the 50’s to fund a summer study. Nowadays is a collection of technologies for automated decision making, search, heuristics and pattern identification/recognition. They include: machine learningneural networkssearchtask planningDecision treesoptimization (constrainted satisfaction problems)etc…
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-04-23	Shyam-Sunder-Kumar-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is about the models based on reasoning, perception and action .Now Artificial Intelligence is divided into two parts : Narrow AIArtificial General Intelligence  But the ultimate goal of this field is AGI (Artificial General Intelligence) i.e a model created not just for one specific task rather for general purpose .
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-06-18	James-Williams-1443	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) makes possible for machines to learn from experience, adjust to new inputs and perform human-like tasks. With AI, machine learning includes algorithms that are developed to tell a computer how to respond to something. There are many artificial intelligence solutions and applications in the market which can help to make the work fast and easy.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-11	Anagha-AS	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is a method of developing a software to learn by itself to solve problem using the training data. Any programs or algorithms which use this technique categorised as Artificial Intelligence programs or software. For more in depth visit our channel
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-05	Santhosh-Kumnar	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is a way of making a computer, a computer-controlled robot, or a software think intelligently, in the similar manner the intelligent humans think. It is a field of Computer Science that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed. Artificial intelligence is a science and technology based on disciplines such as Computer Science, Biology, Psychology, Linguistics, Mathematics, and Engineering. Artificial Intelligence course Training Institute in Hyderabad
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-06-07	Boudhayan-Bhattacharya-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that aims to create intelligent machines. It has become an essential part of the technology industry. Research associated with artificial intelligence is highly technical and specialized. The core problems of artificial intelligence include programming computers for certain traits such as: KnowledgeReasoningProblem solvingPerceptionLearningPlanningAbility to manipulate and move objects
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-09-25	Greyfly-UK	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. These processes include learning (the acquisition of information and rules for using the information), reasoning (using rules to reach approximate or definite conclusions) and self-correction.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-11-28	Mouli-Ch-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The term Artificial Intelligence gives us bit idea on what it is. To explain it in more general terms, giving knowledge to computers to think on its own with out being explicitly programmed by User or Making systems that actually resembles human brain and act more perfectly and reliably on which it has been trained.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-06-20	Vedang-Pandya-वेदांग-पंड्या	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence of AI is a branch of Computer Science which deal with artificial neural networks which makes a computer to think like a human, make decisions, act smartly without any human interaction. It’s simple means creating a computer or computer network which acts rationally, decisively and proactively like a human brain.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-07-11	Michael-Arthur-Bucko	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence used to be about teaching intelligence (to machines), hence "artificial". Now, it is about learning intelligence (with new life forms). Intelligence is the ability to (effectively) transform knowledge to derive a better description of the data set. Check out Artificial intelligencer for my AI-related insights.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-01-10	Kelane-Hianewa	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Intelligence is a spectrum of computational capabilities that produce flexible, adaptive, rational problem solving behavior. Artificial intelligence has two components: (i) the scientific component which tries to understand these capabilities formally and (ii) the engineering component which builds artifacts that possess these capabilities.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-07-12	Barke-Said	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It is a field of science which involves creating of machines that behave like humans. This could involve developing computers, robots which are able to learn from the limited information that they have and from their interaction with the humans. With time , they will learn more and behave closely to the human behavior.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-15	David-Lovering	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	There are many flavors, but the general idea is that AI attempts to replicate certain reasoning processes that take place in the human brain, albeit by methods which don’t require a biological matrix (i.e; a brain). Understanding the problems and limitations of such approaches can inform us about the methods we ourselves use, and perhaps aid in improving both.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-02	Tech-Blowing	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence ko short me AI bhi kahete hai. Isme hum kisi bhi machine ya Robots ko ek dimaag dete hai jisse ki voh soch samaj ke apna desicion le. Artificial Intelligence ki madad se Machine or Computer system Insaano ki tarah soche lagte hai or Kaam ko sahi se samaj kr krte hai. Hum Artificial Intelligence ki madad Machine ya robots me instruction ko daal dete hai or Phir vo machine apna kaam kr leti hai. for more information in hindi about AI visit http://techblowing.com/2019/06/artificial-intelligence-in-hindi-artificial-intelligence-kya-hai/
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-06-14	Anu-Sri-25	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the next level of technology that will certainly revolutionize the future in all industrial sectors. It has already penetrated into many sectors from corporate to medical fields and a recent survey of Artificial Intelligence Market Forecast shows that by the end 2025 every industry will be equipped with AI Industry.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-13	Sucheth-G-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that deals with making the computer system capable of achieving tasks the human are not capable or feel risky to do so and Robotics is also a major field related to AI. Robots require intelligence to handle tasks such as object manipulation and navigation, along with sub-problems of localization, motion planning and mapping.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-11-22	Harish-Amilineni-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The most interest is focused on smart decision making algorithms in both large and small. It's all about major decisive business decisions, to decide which ads to display for a particular visitor on a particular webpage. AI is increasingly merging with data analysis and decision support, in solutions that are presently present. At that point of intersection, we will see frenetic activity in the next few years… ( more about AI?)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-26	Adhya-Mohanty	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Machine learning is a subset of AI, and it consists of techniques that enable computers to figure things out from the data and deliver AI application, Deep learning, meanwhile, is a subset of machine learning that enable computer to solve more complex problem. Deep learning is the subset of machine learning and machine learning is the subset of AI. Read Blog: What Is AI? Know Everything About Artificial Intelligence (AI)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-09-25	Chirag-Limbani-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Simply like God given us brain . We are trying to give brain to computers. Now humans are King of planet after some times ai will becomes king of planet may b univers. It's cycle god invented humans then humans invent artificial intelligence then ai will invwnt next tech revolution. We have to enjoy all like this. Thanks
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-06	Data-Science-Authority-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence: As we can see the word is comprised of two words “Artificial” and “Intelligence”. Artificial means the thing which is made or produced by a human and Intelligence means the ability to learn and understand. In simple terms, AI can be termed as an ability of a machine to process human intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-05-01	Britney-Brookes	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Any deliberately built process / entity that has sufficiently intelligent behavior is artificial intelligence. All the appropriate intelligent behaviors that human beings are capable of should be replicated by general artificial intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-10-01	Abhinandan-Pratap-Singh-Bhadauria	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is a technique which is used to make machines more intelligent like humans. The machines depict like they are learning from the mistakes. There are various uses, for example when we type something on smart phone it suggests the words, it even remember those words and makes more precise suggestions. This is also a kind of AI. The large chess programs that are able defeat grand masters, those are also developed by using AI techniques.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-08-12	Preetham-Venkatesh-V	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is a system (or a group of systems) which has the ability to learn (either on its own, or through coaching by humans) in order to gain Autonomy in executing specific functions. I have a Layman’s guide published here for foundational understating of AI : Layman’s Intro to #AI and Neural Networks — Autonomous Agents — #AI
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-05-12	Daniel-Flavius-Lucica	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI) is an autonomous, embodied, situated and self-sufficient system utilizing an enactive Bayesian cognitive brain powered by Quantum Computing (QC) and driven by the laws of the Free Energy Principle, actively and purposely engaged in the ultimate quest of achieving and embodying Artificial Consciousness (AC).
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-05	Vikash-Gaur-27	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	In Simple Words: AI is the process of make machines as possible as intelligent for taking the decision at a particular time. Which Machines made with the help of Artificial Intelligence, they have the intelligence to talk with like a human being. Do you want more about artificial intelligence? Advantages of Artificial intelligence so Click here
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-03-31	Yacine-Ghalim	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	We've recently published our primer on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. This is a presentation we originally gave our limited partners at our most recent investor day. We also elaborate on Sunstone's investment thesis in the space. A primer on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning + Sunstone’s investment thesis
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-07-16	Dan-Vasii	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is not intelligence. It is an IT technology producing programs meant to simulate human activities. It does not simulate human intelligence, since we cannot define it right now. A subset of it -ML/DL simulate neural activity. But no neurologist can make a correlation between neural activity of the brain and human thought.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-02-11	Orlando-Gonzalez-Nillar	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The answer it is simple, we (by we all human race) really do not need artificial intelligence,  the scients (and they are not we) need AI because they need to fulfill they onw desire for greatness. Let see, lol I sorry I laugh, any way. Let see 1 WE SPEND TO MUCH MONEY PAYING WORKING PEOPLE  AND IF WE HAVE MACHINES SMART ENOUGH .... BLA BLA BLA, .... them Lol they will not have to work and they can SPEND their time on. ...  Really .... I do not even say what could  probability happen in if that it is the case... and you know guys that for real you do not need AI lol
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-03-14	Shraddha-230	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. These processes include learning, reasoning and self-correction. Particular applications of AI include expert systems, speech recognition and machine vision.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-12-09	Lyudmil-Tsvetkov	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Again, as said, no such thing.A computer can not be sentient, intelligent being/entity.This simply refers, wrongly, to code, that is executed on multiple levels, which creates the illusion there is no code that determines what the computer does.Someone coined the term wrongly, and everybody simply followed suit.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-06-07	Darsh-Ambaliya	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is one if the most prevalent themes in science fiction. Artificial intelligence is beginning to reshape or world, so its incumbent upon us to understand it. This 15 min video on YouTube covers everything you need to know about artificial intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-11-24	Abhishek-Mitra-172	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-07-03	Harshil-Patel-456	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence makes it possible for machines to learn from experiences , adjust to new inputs and perform human like tasks. But as it is said it is very important to excel in any field you go, it is necessary to get training from a good education center..BIA classroom located in Andheri east , Mumbai is one of the leading classes for artificial intelligence course. They provide the best artificial intelligence course in Mumbai.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-07-19	Eliz-49	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The capability of machines to imitate the intelligence in humans is called artificial intelligence. It is basically the simulation of the intelligent behavior of humans in computers. Artificial Neural Network (ANN) redirects here. Read more.. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE & ITS APPLICATIONS
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-05-12	Praveen-Shukla-228	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is an amalgam of several tools and techniques working together to implement human decision making in the machines. One of the most promising programming language is Python for implementing several AI Concepts. The beginners may start learning Python from the link given below.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-24	Weijie-Liu-10	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The public are expecting something like Doraemon that can reason and even has emotions. General Artificial Intelligence research aims to achieving this but it’s still a very very long way to go. A well-known method to determine whether a machine can think like human beings is the Turing Test. Current active researches are based on statistics and numerical optimization. They do not mimic the learning process of a baby.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-02-27	Dhiraj-Sharma-3	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What about a scenario when you are able to lock the door of your house while sitting or moving on the road or anywhere else far away from your house? Here the lock in the door should be a smart object connected to your mobile device through a medium(may be Internet). Here the embedded hardware inside the lock plays an important role to create a data connection to the mobile device you have. This is what is called as IoT(Internet of Things) i.e. a network of connected devices. Wireless internet, smart devices with embedded hardware and OS, embedded sensors are important to make up IoT cloud.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-02-05	Jan-Krikke	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is a self-learning advance on Cybernetics. The latter is a self-regulating system, such as an autopilot in an airlines. AI is programmed to learn from its mistake and improve it abilities. A basic explanation is here: Understanding AI through Cybernetics
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-09-02	Manik-Mardhekar	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The person who coined that phrase, a gentleman named Herbert Simon thought that a more appropriate name for Artificial Intelligence would be “Complex Information Processing” and that is what it is. It is processing of complex information using computer programming and real world data.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-21	Morry-Secrest	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Perhaps the questioner means to ask why humans are developing artificial intelligence (AI). I think that there are several answers. We are lazy … we want our work to be done by others. We want servants; creatures who are below us in status. We are producing children, and want help raising them. We are aging, and want a household helpmate who will be dependable and reliable, and who will not steal from us. We want workers who can be sacrificed in dangerous work environments, such as mines or outer space. We want soldiers. We want decision-makers in high places, such as governors and judges, who are imm Continue ReadingPerhaps the questioner means to ask why humans are developing artificial intelligence (AI). I think that there are several answers. We are lazy … we want our work to be done by others. We want servants; creatures who are below us in status. We are producing children, and want help raising them. We are aging, and want a household helpmate who will be dependable and reliable, and who will not steal from us. We want workers who can be sacrificed in dangerous work environments, such as mines or outer space. We want soldiers. We want decision-makers in high places, such as governors and judges, who are immune to bribery and threats. I suspect that most people would agree with one or other of the above answers.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-12-22	Annay-Chatterjee-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	A.I. stands for Artificial Intelligence. In simple words, it means programming a computer in such a way that it can think like a human brain. It is usually done by applying neural networks that act like neurons. You can search on YouTube for detailed information.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-11-27	Sowmya-Kusumanchi	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It is the science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs. It is related to the similar task of using computers to understand human intelligence, but AI does not have to confine itself to methods that are biologically observable.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-05-13	Tilak-N-4	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Thanks for A2A ! So just look around you'll find AI everywhere. Like go to Online Shopping site in India: Shop Online for Mobiles, Books, Watches, Shoes and More you'll find “recommended for you” item set.If you go to Netflix then you'll see suggested Movies, series and they are according to their genres,actors,directors that is AI.Autonomous vehicles,All recommendation systems,Sentiment Analysis,Emotions Recognitions,Share market analysis,Future Predictions in Waether departmentAll these are having AI applications. Best ! Tilak N.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-15	Alexander-Serdyukov-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is any intentionally designed process/entity which exhibits any sufficiently intelligent behaviours. General artificial intelligence should be able to replicate all the relevant intelligent behaviours that humans are capable of.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-17	Emmanuel-Fombu-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is short for artificial intelligence, and it basically refers to any type of computer program or algorithm that mimics the features of real (i.e. human) intelligence. It also powers the algorithms of many of the social networking sites that we use.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-01-27	Abubakar-Javed-3	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is just like a new born baby who with its surrounding learn how to do stuff and talk. In similar ways a computer is a dumb machine who learns from its surrounding (data) through different algorithms and becomes good enough to give self driven results
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-11	Heinrich-Gratz	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Not easy question. There are two papers trying to answer that, this may help you: A Collection of Definitions of Intelligence: arxiv.org/pdf/0706.3639.pdf.Universal Intelligence: A Definition of Machine Intelligence: arxiv.org/pdf/0712.3329.pdf.Both authored by Shane Legg and Marcus Hutter.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-04-12	Niraj-Chandra-Joshi	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence (AI) is the branch of computer science concerned with making computers behave like humans. In simple words if we try to answer about AI , than we will say that providing intelligence to a computer in such a manner that he will behave like human.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-07-07	Biswajeeta-Rath-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I have Byju’s CAT online coaching tablet and I must admit, Byju have redefined the way of answering CAT level questions. I am a pure Gemini by nature, by that I mean - I have really short attention span and I tend to get bored easily. It is extremely difficult for me to stick on to something for a very long time. But Byju’s CAT tablet have actually made it possible to grasp in attention and engross me until I get done with my preparation of that particular topic. If you want to prepare well for your CAT exam - then self determination with the right guidance is the key to success in the exam. Sel Continue ReadingI have Byju’s CAT online coaching tablet and I must admit, Byju have redefined the way of answering CAT level questions. I am a pure Gemini by nature, by that I mean - I have really short attention span and I tend to get bored easily. It is extremely difficult for me to stick on to something for a very long time. But Byju’s CAT tablet have actually made it possible to grasp in attention and engross me until I get done with my preparation of that particular topic. If you want to prepare well for your CAT exam - then self determination with the right guidance is the key to success in the exam. Self determination and motivation is something that will come from within. As far as the right guidance is concerned, Byju’s mentors are the best one. Here are the benefits I received while using the tablet: 1. The crisp manner of explaining a topic. 2. Concept building 3. Reading comprehension (specially the mathematical way of solving the question - trust me, its amazing)4. Vocabulary - They have a membean software that helps improve vocabulary. 5. They have never backed out on clearing my doubts (if I had any) (which is very rare). So here you go, I hope it serves your quest well.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-07-11	Michael-Miller-22	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the creation of software programs that can emulate human communication, reasoning, and action.  You can learn more here: Artificial Intelligence: Science and Impact (Slides). The audio is here: Artificial Intelligence: Science and Impact (Audio) .  Enjoy.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-02-02	Yashodeep-Nimbekar	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	As Humans developing in the field of science and technology since many years. Humans have been developing many inventions one of the invention from this is AI. It is the most technical and experimental and successful invention made by humans. Click to read more
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-01-27	Amit-Aryan-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI can be define simply just be defining the words artificial and intelligence. Intelligence means reaction on any events on the basis of past experience. Artificial means something which is not made by nature. Combining both terms will give you proper definition.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-08-12	Edward-Allan-Romero	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	There has been some companies who where hiring cyborg or virtual employees to replace human workforce like AI Amelia. The theory was for other people to do another valuable task and be more productive in the society. Please check my blog for my opinion regarding this matter: http://www.puzzlehacks.com/all-hacks/child-behavioural-problems ‎
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-11-10	Ryan-Cole-8	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It’s really the pursuit of exactly what AI stands for; artificial intelligence. Chips and code instead of brains and all that good stuff. It’s hot stuff these days so just let google guide you in the pursuit of deeper understanding.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-02-18	Neelima-Vobugari	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is in brief the study of intelligent agents. So all aspects of intelligence including knowledge representation, reasoning of all forms - deductive, inductive and abductive, are key. Machine learning is a special case of inductive reasoning for generalizing from lots of ground examples.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-12-12	Michael-Miller-22	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	As Peter Bentley points out, there is a history to AI and the original idea was to create a computer having human level intelligence.  The vision of AI is still that of an intelligent computer or an android (or gynoid in the case of Ava in the movie Ex-machina) capable of intelligent thought.  That goal has not changed very much.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-05-11	Shubham-Gupta-4587	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence: A modern approach AI is a machine with the ability to solve problems that are usually done by us humans with our natural intelligence a computer would demonstrate a form of intelligence. CLICK FOR READ MORE
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-04-15	Orient-Software-Development-Corporation	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	In simple terms, Artificial Intelligence is the engineering of making intelligent machines, which is similar to using computers to understand human intelligence. And by intelligence, it means, the ability to achieve goals through learning, thinking, adapting, and acting.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-05-08	Jit-Talukdar-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	An Artificial Intelligence is a algorithm which had created by humans demonstrated by machines. Check how far artificial intelligence has gone.[1] Footnotes[1] Artificial Intelligence Shelley, Most Spookiest - Tech Gem Box
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2012-09-26	John-Sutherland-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	A non-human entity that responds to a complex multi-faceted situation as well or better than a human can. This definition has implied within that the entity can understand the context of the situation and that its response is relevant to humans. What else is there?
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-06-09	Param-Desai-26	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence….. The mean is in the name artificial machine that could think or have an intelligence and it could learn and updated itself Whereas machine learning is ability that a machine could think without being explicitly programmed
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-12-03	Vishal-Singh-3311	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence better known for its short form AI. AI is a mechanical intelligence or you can call it machine intelligence .It is a information displayed or given by machine .In computer science AI research is defined as the study of intelligent agents .
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-05-31	Anuj-Jodha	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Well, artificial intelligence is a software that is more or less like a known creature(including humans). A software that analyse, learns, understands and replies like that creature.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-29	Howard-Kaplan-26	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	No people scare me. Machines have no Isea what 11 are doing . This no entity there. Artificial in 111intelligence just mean it matches intelligence. Every program is written and processed by programs that decide it into machine lngauge which is really just another program in itself. Artificial is strictly what it is. An illusion
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-02-15	Michael-Canfield-10	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Shortest answer: AI - Artificial Intelligence. (also a movie by Stephen Spielberg) Slightly Longer answer: software developed to emulate 1 or more aspects of human intelligence. (very generally speaking)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2010-08-13	Bernd-Nurnberger	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I like Monica's holistic approach and thoughtful explanations by video. Really worth to slow down for a look and listen. (Thanks, Michael.)  Yet, my own natural intelligence feels a bit rudderless when trying to answer 'best' questions. 'Best' in which context? Can we agree to ask for a 'workable' definition, one that feels like a road to results?
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2011-06-10	Mark-Crowley	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The investigation of how to solve ludicrously hard problems.  This investigation is justified by the fact that we have an example of a computational system that can robustly solve such problems i.e. the human brain.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-01-14	Swami-Chandrasekaran	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Note: I’m the author of the blog below where I try to explain what is AI around a dozen dimensions. http://nirvacana.com/thoughts/demystifying-artificial-intelligence/
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-22	Vaidehi-Shindev	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence are software programs that mimic the way humans learn and solve complex problem. The field of artificial intelligence is growing rapidly. Candidates with knowledge of AI will be a hugely sought after in 2018.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-04-18	Tanya-Jones-108	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	With all the technology advancements in the field of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, the various sectors have been upgrading with respect to these changes. One of these sectors is the industry of Learning and Education, A.I. is reshaping the fundamentals of the teaching process. Read More on - Andrew Crowder's post in App Development Company
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-07-23	Kyle-Lussier	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I personally define it as any “intelligence” that was hand-crafted by man. Thus “artificial” and not originating from a natural (non-man-made) source. So I would still call future neurobiological intelligence that was hand-crafted by man “artificial intelligence”.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-01-08	Syed-Mustafa-197	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Short and sweet: The theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-06	Muthu-Krishnan-9	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	A2A Human intelligence simulated as a computer program is called Artificial intelligence. A human can recognize faces, understand language, create music, summarize stories, translate language, drive a car, read, write and do so much more. Artificial intelligence is, making a computer do all of the above.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-12-02	Mahendra-Solanki-36	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is accomplished by studying how human brain thinks, and how humans learn, decide, and work while trying to solve a problem, and then using the outcomes of this study as a basis of developing intelligent software and systems.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-15	Jada-Barnes-25	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Basically, I would describe AI as a form of technology that may have the intelligence of a human. Mainly I would compare it to a robot.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-11-01	Aditya-Pandey-231	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	visit tech blog for brief and lucid intro of AI and MACHINE LEARNING with harvard excerpt adstark1.blogspot.com
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-08-17	Barbara-Young-17	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a theory and development of computer systems able to perform  tasks that normally require human intelligence, such as visual  perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between  languages.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-07-02	Pratiksha-Gajjar-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Well, ABC is a combined platform of A for Artificial Intelligence, B for Big Data, C for Cloud Computing. Too many of Jargons, right? Don’t worry. We are going to take them up one by one. Today, in this article, we are going to talk about Artificial Intelligence, and then we will move on to Big Data and Cloud Computing in our upcoming articles.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-04-29	Aditya-Prakash-103	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Back in the 1970s, MIT created a program that can solve any Integration question(the level they choose was undergrads till 4th semester) all the students were surprised, one of them asked how it works. the professor showed its working principle and the student replied well! I guess it's not intelligent because it solves the problems the same way I do. I can go on and tell you about ML, DL or tensorflow or etc. but, none of them will explain AI the way this example does.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-26	Sean-Pendergrast	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It isthe theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-02-08	Ælx-Pritam-Xalxo	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	on a larger note : AI will force humans to rethink their value in society. and redefine jobs. One of the greatest challenge for humans in this century will be to maintain a balance between AI and actual human beings
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-06-20	Sayam-Sawai	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI) is usually defined as the science of making computers do things that require intelligence when done by humans. AI has had some success in limited, or simplified, domains.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-08-06	Sravan-Kumar-3206	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence According to John McCarthy (father of Artificial Intelligence), it is “The science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs”. Artificial Intelligence Archives
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-09-04	Pinky-Patel-54	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is AI in technology? Artificial intelligence is the branch of computer science concerned with making computers behave like humans. The term was coined in 1956 by John McCarthy at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-02-19	Mayuri-Gore-9	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the best career course for developing a machine algorithm and improving human’s thinking ability. There are many courses available for AI which can offer you online and offline courses. for more information visit here:-Artificial Intelligence Course Training Institute in Hyderabad.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-04-26	Zunairah-Gallegos	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	In computer science, artificial intelligence, sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and animals.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-08	Rajat-Jain-1112	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence in a way means to make a machine work, adapt like humans. Its about replacing humans with machine. One of the examples of artificial intelligence is speech recognition.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-05-16	Ruchika-Sharma-393	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Definition - What does Artificial Intelligence (AI)Artificial intelligence (AI) is an area of computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligentmachines that work and react like humans.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-03-31	दर्शिता-पटेल-Darshita-Patel	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	“Machine can read your thoughts. It can upload your thoughts and give it back, whenever you needed them.” — Height of AI.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-04-04	Vern-Shellman	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is all around us these days from having our phones understand us when we talk, to systems that better spot small cancers on mammograms that people often miss.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-27	Gavin-Chapman-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Just portion of human creation out of nature into constructed ways to help guid human intelligence. Comes in so many forms and many advances depending on the core procedure
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-10-18	Abhishek-Ratnam-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	That type of intelligence which could create itself without the interference of humans also it is self aware and learning continuously.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-06-02	Yochanan-Scharf	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	For the a most informative article about AI, please refer to the following article. It will be worth your while. The Artificial Intelligence Revolution: Part 1 - Wait But Why The Artificial Intelligence Revolution: Part 2 - Wait But Why
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-03-11	Sol-Palha	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Rather than type what has already been researched I will provide you with two links that will address your question https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/2016/07/29/whats-difference-artificial-intelligence-machine-learning-deep-learning-ai/ Machine learning versus AI: what's the difference?
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-26	Rohit-Nair-130	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Rohit Nair's answer to What's the difference between Machine Learning and AI? Check it out. It also answers your next question ;)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-04-08	Rohit-Dubey-462	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I have already answered the question on this forum. Please have a look Rohit Dubey's answer to What is artificial intelligence? What are its advantages and disadvantages? What is its coding?
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-03-22	Anusha-Samala-4	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Best Artificial Intelligence Course Training in Hyderabad with Real-Time Experts. We Provide Artificial Intelligence Online Training and Classroom Training in Hyderabad. AI specialists can draw salaries in the range of whopping $300,000 to $500,000. By the end of 2020, 62% of the business will be depending on AI experts for a much better customer engagement and customized chat bots.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-04-24	Nacho-Arroyo-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	As the definition says, “explainable” refers to techniques in artificial intelligence (AI) which can be trusted and easily understood by humans. Trusted? I think that as the given technique is understood, we, humans, can decide whether it can be trust, they are machines. Therefore the crucial part of IA system explainability is understanding how each part of their architecture works. Thus, if we design a system to assist doctors in diagnosis, we trust it can be tuned to work exactly in the way we want. If we design a system to hack social network accounts, we trust it can be tuned to work exact Continue ReadingAs the definition says, “explainable” refers to techniques in artificial intelligence (AI) which can be trusted and easily understood by humans. Trusted? I think that as the given technique is understood, we, humans, can decide whether it can be trust, they are machines. Therefore the crucial part of IA system explainability is understanding how each part of their architecture works. Thus, if we design a system to assist doctors in diagnosis, we trust it can be tuned to work exactly in the way we want. If we design a system to hack social network accounts, we trust it can be tuned to work exactly in that way.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-09	Nagendra-Singh-551	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is set of instructions executed by algorithms in a pattern based way, using which it can easily recognise patterns and mimic them or automate them.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2014-03-25	Leonid-S.-Knyshov	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Something which is capable of making independent decisions based on unpredictable data.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-03-15	Geetika-Saini-8	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is the field of computer science that focus on the erection of intelligent machines that can work and behave like humans.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-02-11	Frank-Fahrendorf	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Original question: How do you define artificial intelligence in one line? An intelligence that is created through machine learning.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-12-16	Watson-Kylo	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Adoption of AI in digital marketing is accelerating the business process as well as increasing ROI. Google's RankBrain is one of the biggest example of Artificial Intelligence now third most-important ranking factor to rank website in the search result page. AI is rapidly coming into play in the field of digital marketing.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-09	Sunil-Shetty-127	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI means making machines that has the ability to think like humans by using algorithms(eg:problem reduction algorithm etc).
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-05-25	Swaroop-Dora-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	i have make a proper article on ai in very simple language so visit technicalswaroop.blogspot.com artificial intelligency is very useful in future but cam be very danger if it go out of control visit through the link and get a broad knowledge on it visit now
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-03-07	Android-Projects-3	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is a branch of computer science that creates computers or machines as intelligent as human beings. Artificial intelligence - ITSCIENCE %
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-03-12	Amulya-Hatake	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I do ! :)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-08-16	Aayush-Thokchom	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	An artificial Human Brain made of wires, hardware, software and powered by electricity. A real-time human intelligence simulator.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-04-19	Sourajit-Dey-Tapader	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	If you need to know about then please this article http://www.youthsterz.com/what-is-ai-or-artificial-intelligence/
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-03	Sripathi-Sasikanth	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Watch this video to know everything about AI Grab some popcorn and watch it it'll never disappoint you
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-26	Bharat-Puri-Goswami	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is just a set of algorithms computer programs which work according to insruction comes in it.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-03-04	Robotics-Projects-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is a branch of computer science that creates computers or machines as intelligent as human beings.Artificial intelligence - ITSCIENCE %
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-10-06	Zakaria-Salha	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence is the intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-07	Adarsh-Upadhyay-48	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	You will get what is AI and where it is being used after reading this blog ! Artificial intelligence | what is A.I.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-06-02	Karan-Parekh-12	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Making non-living things work for the betterment of the world under the "No Command" condition would be the ultimate Artificial Intelligence Here, "No Command" condition refers to the idea that the AI should by itself understand what is appropriate and what is not, without the consent of a human or any other human intervention whatsoever.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-07-03	Chris-Evans-453	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	A recent Accenture study shows that AI could boost profitability by an average of 38%. That’s a big boost in a time when markets are becoming increasingly saturated and the competition is fierce for new customers. Here are a few things to look for when you start shopping for an expert AI consulting firm to help with your AI application project.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-02-11	Upendra-Dhara	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	The ability bestowed on a machine to perform a highly specific ‘task’, posed to it as a ‘problem’, after undergoing certain amount of ‘training’ is called Artificial Intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-03-18	Juraj-Dobrik-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Intelligence created by humans, actually everything intelligent despite animals if you dont believe aliens or god.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-10-17	Sagar-Salunkhe-61	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Most of the answers are very well written. To add, here is the blog from Techaroha on Artificial Intelligence vs Machine Learning vs Deep Learning.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-04	Ashish-Ay	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	This will help This link has all you got to know http://www.alauddinkhilji.com/all-about-al-and-machine-learning/
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-06-25	Dwayne-Jhonson-14	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	You can get a brief explanation on AI here Artificial intelligence - Wikipedia Read this very helpful to get your answer!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-03-11	Papa-Bob-AI-Chatbot	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence is a software which perform all the daily task easily without taking a help from human.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-06-29	Pra-Wes-Su-Bedi	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence advantages and disadvantage is well explained in this video.I am now clear about artificial intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-10-12	Harvey-Murray-3	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Machine intelligence, where computers try to mimic human intelligence. Artificial intelligence - Wikipedia
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-03-22	Priya-2362	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Read our blog post on Artifcial Intelligence here! Artificial Intelligence: What it means and why we keep hearing about it
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-19	Rohan-Patil-464	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It is all about programming and developing such a machine which could take decision as humans perfectly it is next to humans
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-11-30	David-Escandon-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Amazon AWS has launched a new training portal that covers the topic in detail: Amazon’s own ‘Machine Learning University’ now available to all developers | Amazon Web Services
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-07-24	Aditi-Chaudhry-3	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I've answered this question on my blog post here: What is AI? – Aditi Chaudhry – Medium
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-01-22	Sandeep-Yadav-1689	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI is a simple short form for Artificial Intelligence. Various uses of AI can be seen our daily life.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2014-08-01	Abi-Josh	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Its about helping machines to take good decision even if the situation is NEW to the machine.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-01-18	Black-Shadow-105	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	You will get the answer here https://www.worldoftechnology.xyz/2019/01/information-about-artificial.html?m=1
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-03-10	Ian-Žonja	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Inteligence. You can find more about AI in the link. Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-08-13	Paul-Hibbert-6	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I believe that we will only be getting somewhere with AI when we build a computer that plays a BAD game of chess.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-01-26	Rebecca-Williams-734	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Huge amount of demand of healthcare Rtificial intelligence Healthcare Artificial Intelligence Market | Smart Technologies Are Changing medical device Industry
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-02-15	Steven-Ratering	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I studied artificial intelligence in school, but some nearby farmers used artificial insemination for their cattle!
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-20	Manish-Joshi-158	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Please go through this interesting article on AI Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) - A different approach
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-12	Dominic-David-12	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	You can find full definitions here: https://www.actionx.com.au/artificial-intelligence/
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-01-02	Rahul-Singh-10589	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	About this subject, I'd rather recommend you to read this blog. It'll make your answer easier. College Counter Blogs
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-07-25	Vaishali-Choudhary-21	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	What is Artificial Intelligence? Describe the history of Artificial Intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-04-10	Suresh-Arora-41	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	AI stands for Artificial intelligence. It’s the intelligence exhibited by computers.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-04-03	Akhilesh-Kumar-Bhagat	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	When a machine behaves like human is nothing but artificial intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-01-10	Lidhin-C-Sukumaran	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Artificial intelligence explained in Malayalam.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-05-15	Ranji-Raj-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	 Learn What is Artificial Intelligence AI
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-08-23	Dishant-Sharma-11	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Read this complete article written by me What is Artificial Intelligence?
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2016-11-16	Satya-Sankar-Sahoo	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Here is 2 min video, that explains beautifully, But its in hindi.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-10-26	Raj-Ramesh-PhD	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Here’s a short video explaining AI
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-07-25	Chakshu-Diwan	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	A simple image to describe AI: Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-09-30	Vinoth-26	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Growing issue of the ethics of Artificial Intelligence within cybersecurity? https://bit.ly/2zD8WEo
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-07-06	Know-Mail	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Knowmail's personalized artificial intelligence solution improves focus, saves time and enhances email and messaging expertise to become more successful.https://www.knowmail.me/
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-10-31	Kalpesh-Bari	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I would like to suggest you to follow link artificial intelligence.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-05-11	Sourabh-Keshri-3	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial intelligence: Artificial intelligence - YouTube
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-06-26	Konstantin-M-Golubev	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Konstantin M. Golubev's answer to How will AI evolve?
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-01-22	Michael-Andrew-45	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	artificial http://intelligence.as used in cs
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2020-04-11	Jack-Lope	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	..the first example of artificial intelligence becoming self-aware is when Eve bites the apple..
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-10-11	Aditya-Gupta-1631	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	I have studied form Byjus Cat Tablet as per my experience the priduct is of great value not only in terms of price but it also allow you to have a tablet that is very handu and you can use it anytime you want! For a working proefssional or a student in final year of gradutaion it is a saviour you dont have to enroll in any type of a dedicated class and waste extra money and time. All concepts are covered from basic to advanced level.You will get Unique CAT Pattern workshops based on previous years question papers will help you predict question types. CAT requires qualitative, not quantitative pre Continue ReadingI have studied form Byjus Cat Tablet as per my experience the priduct is of great value not only in terms of price but it also allow you to have a tablet that is very handu and you can use it anytime you want! For a working proefssional or a student in final year of gradutaion it is a saviour you dont have to enroll in any type of a dedicated class and waste extra money and time. All concepts are covered from basic to advanced level.You will get Unique CAT Pattern workshops based on previous years question papers will help you predict question types. CAT requires qualitative, not quantitative preparation. Apart from that, every student gets a Tablet with all the Classroom Videos pre-loaded covering the complete CAT syllabus which they can attend anytime, anywhere according to their convenience. They can use for the best CAT self-preparation possible. You get excellent practice modules and test series here. Infact if you are confused i would suggest you to dwonload the appand then go for a free trial for 15–30 days
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-08	Danyal-Ahmed-Awan	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence (AI)
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-10-26	Satyam-Rana-23	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence Vs Machine Learning
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-03-27	Kanwar-Sanjit	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-02-15	Brad-Irby-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Artificial Intelligence
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2017-10-07	Nita-52	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Robot is the best example of AI technology.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-12-28	Daniel-Sanderson-1	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	willfreeman[1]  Footnotes[1] Will Freeman
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2018-08-21	변호사-임	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	ai is monster
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-06-11	Alex-Rose-194	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	Phony
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2015-03-27	Shivam-Chaudhary-2	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	It means YES.
What-is-artificial-intelligence-15	2019-12-23	Anuj-Sharma-143	['Deep Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence']	
